Billing Code 3390-F4

OFFICE OF THE UNITED STATES TRADE REPRESENTATIVE

Notice of Action: Brazil’s Acts, Policies, and Practices Related to Digital Trade and

Electronic Payment Services; Unfair, Preferential Tariffs; Anti-Corruption

Enforcement; Intellectual Property Protection; Ethanol Market Access; and Illegal

Deforestation

AGENCY: Office of the United States Trade Representative (USTR).

ACTION: Notice of Action.

SUMMARY: The United States Trade Representative (Trade Representative) has

determined under Section 301(b) and Section 304(a) of the Trade Act of 1974, as

amended (Trade Act), that certain of Brazil’s acts, policies, and practices at issue in this

investigation are actionable and that action by the United States is appropriate. In

accordance with the specific direction of the President, the Trade Representative is taking

action by imposing 25 percent tariffs on all imports of Brazil, with certain exemptions.

DATES: July 22, 2026: As set out in Annex I to this notice, the additional duty is

applicable with respect to products that are entered for consumption, or withdrawn from

warehouse for consumption, on or after 12:01 eastern time on July 22, 2026.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: For general questions about this

notice, contact Philip Butler and Megan Grimball, Chairs of the Section 301 Committee;

or Megan Paster, Assistant General Counsel, at (202) 395-5725.




                                              1
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

   I.      Background

        At the specific direction of the President, on July 15, 2025, the Trade

Representative initiated an investigation under Section 301(b) of Trade Act into acts,

policies, and practices of Brazil related to digital trade and electronic payment services;

unfair, preferential tariffs; anti-corruption enforcement; intellectual property protection;

ethanol market access; and illegal deforestation. USTR published a Federal Register

notice announcing the initiation of this investigation. 90 Fed. Reg. 34069 (published July

18, 2025). On June 1, 2026, the Trade Representative determined that certain of Brazil’s

acts, policies, and practices at issue in this investigation are actionable under Section

301(b) and Section 304(a) of the Trade Act; proposed to determine that action is

appropriate and that appropriate action would include tariffs on all goods of Brazil, with

certain exemptions; and invited comments from the public. USTR published a Federal

Register notice setting out these determinations and proposals. 91 Fed. Reg. 33854

(published June 4, 2026) (the June 4, 2026 FRN).

        The June 4, 2026 FRN invited public comment on the proposed action in the

investigation: applying tariffs of 25 percent on all goods of Brazil, with exemptions for

certain goods, including informational materials, donations, accompanied baggage, all

articles and parts of articles subject to tariffs under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion

Act of 1962, and certain products identified in the Annex to the June 4, 2026 FRN (the

June 4, 2026 Annex). As explained in the June 4, 2026 FRN, the proposed exemptions

included: (a) raw materials that, if subject to the proposed additional tariffs, could lead to

the unavailability of domestic supply; (b) products that could cause economy-wide

                                              2
disruptions if subject to additional tariffs; (c) certain products that cannot be grown or

produced in sufficient quantities in the United States or obtained from other sources; and

(d) articles for which additional tariffs may not contribute substantially to the elimination

of Brazil’s acts, policies, and practices determined to be actionable.

       Interested persons were invited to provide comments regarding the scope of tariff

coverage (including the proposed excluded products identified in the June 4, 2026

Annex). As stated in the June 4, 2026 FRN, in considering whether certain articles should

be subject to additional duties under Section 301 of the Trade Act, USTR will consider

the needs of the U.S. economy. In commenting on the inclusion or removal of particular

tariff subheadings subject to the proposed action, USTR requested that comments address

specifically whether the products under the tariff subheading are necessary raw materials

or are available from alternative sources at reasonable prices or sufficient quantities

outside of Brazil; whether additional tariffs would cause serious dislocations in the

supply of the products and could cause economy-wide disruptions, or other similar

factors; and whether imposing additional tariffs on products under the tariff subheading

would be practical or effective in obtaining the elimination of Brazil’s acts, policies, and

practices. USTR also invited views on U.S. engagement with Brazil in the context of the

ongoing Special 301 review (19 U.S.C. 2242) and the subjects of that engagement.

       In response to the notice of proposed action, interested persons filed over 360

written submissions. USTR and the Section 301 Committee held a two-day public

hearing on July 6–7, 2026. During the hearing, 77 witnesses provided testimony and

responded to questions. The public submissions are available at:



                                              3
https://comments.ustr.gov/s/ at docket numbers USTR–2026–0331 and USTR–2026–

0397. Transcripts of the hearing are available on USTR’s website.

   II.      Determination on Appropriate Action

         On June 1, 2026, the Trade Representative determined that certain acts, policies,

and practices under investigation are unreasonable or discriminatory and burden or

restrict U.S. commerce, and thus are actionable under Section 301(b) of the Trade Act.

Section 301(b) provides that upon determining that the acts, policies, and practices under

investigation are actionable and that action is appropriate, the Trade Representative shall

take all appropriate and feasible action authorized under Section 301(c), subject to the

specific direction, if any, of the President regarding such action, and all other appropriate

and feasible action within the power of the President that the President may direct the

Trade Representative to take under Section 301(b) to obtain the elimination of that act,

policy, or practice. Section 301(b) provides further that actions “within the power of the

President” may include “[a]ctions . . . with respect to trade in any goods or services, or

with respect to any other area of pertinent relations with the foreign country.”

         Section 301(c) of the Trade Act authorizes the Trade Representative to take

certain, specific actions for purposes of carrying out the provisions of Section 301(b). For

example, Section 301(c)(1)(B) authorizes the Trade Representative to “impose duties or

other import restrictions on the goods” of the foreign country subject to the investigation.

Section 301(c)(3)(A) provides that actions that the Trade Representative is authorized to

take may be taken against any goods or economic sector on a non-discriminatory basis or

solely against the foreign country concerned. Section 301(c)(3)(B) empowers the Trade

Representative to take actions against any goods and economic sector “without regard to

                                              4
whether or not such goods or economic sector were involved in the act, policy, or

practice that is the subject of such action.”

       USTR and the Section 301 Committee have carefully reviewed the public

comments and testimony regarding the proposed action. The Trade Representative

informed the President of his proposed responsive action, including a 25 percent tariff on

the products of Brazil, with exemptions for certain goods. The Trade Representative also

advised the President that, after considering significant comments and testimony on the

proposed action, certain products warranted exemption from the tariff imposed in

connection with this action as they are (a) raw materials that if subject to these tariffs

could lead to the unavailability of domestic supply; (b) products that could cause

economy-wide disruptions if subject to these tariffs; (c) products that cannot be grown or

produced in sufficient quantities or at reasonable prices in the United States or obtained

from other sources; or (d) articles for which these tariffs may not contribute substantially

to the elimination of the acts, policies, and practices of Brazil determined to be actionable

in the investigation. The Trade Representative also advised the President that he has

continued to consult with the Government of Brazil to obtain the elimination of these

acts, policies, and practices, but those consultations have not satisfactorily resolved U.S.

concerns.

       On July 15, 2026—after considering and taking account of the information and

advice provided by the Trade Representative; the information, findings, and

determinations in the June 4, 2026 FRN; the need to obtain the elimination of the acts,

policies, and practices of Brazil found to be actionable; and other pertinent information—

the President issued a memorandum (Memorandum) directing that:

                                                5
       (a) The Trade Representative shall impose a tariff of 25 percent on all goods
       of Brazil, with exemptions for certain goods as discussed in subsection (b)
       of this section.

       (b) The Trade Representative shall exempt from the tariff directed in
       subsection (a) of this section the products identified in the Annex to this
       memorandum. I determine that each of these products constitutes (a) raw
       materials that if subject to these tariffs could lead to the unavailability of
       domestic supply; (b) products that could cause economy-wide disruptions
       if subject to these tariffs; (c) products that cannot be grown or produced in
       sufficient quantities or at reasonable prices in the United States or obtained
       from other sources; or (d) articles for which these tariffs may not materially
       contribute to the elimination of the acts, policies, and practices of Brazil
       found to be actionable in the investigation described above. After weighing
       the relevant considerations, including potential economic harm and efficacy
       of tariffs, I determine that the products identified in the Annex to this
       memorandum shall be exempted from the tariff directed in subsection (a) of
       this section.

       The Memorandum further directs that in the President’s judgment, the tariff of 25

percent on all goods of Brazil, with the exemptions for certain goods as discussed in

Section (1)(b) of the Memorandum, is appropriate and feasible to obtain the elimination

of the acts, policies, and practices of Brazil found to be actionable under Section 301. The

Memorandum also states the President’s determination that alternatives to the action

directed by the President, such as a lower tariff rate, negotiation without the imposition of

tariffs, and action under other statutory authority without action under Section 301 of the

Trade Act, would be less effective and less preferable than the action directed in the

Memorandum. In the President’s judgment, the specific direction in the Memorandum is

consistent with the purposes of Section 301 of the Trade Act. The Memorandum is

published in the Federal Register at [INSERT CITATION TO PRESIDENTIAL

MEMORANDUM].




                                             6
           Considering the public comments and testimony, and the advice of the Section

301 Committee, pursuant to Sections 301(b) and 304(a) of the Trade Act, the Trade

Representative has determined that action is appropriate in this investigation. In

accordance with the specific direction of the President, and considering the public

comments and testimony, and the advice of the Section 301 Committee, the Trade

Representative has determined pursuant to Sections 301(b), 301(c), and 304(a) of the

Trade Act that appropriate and feasible action in this investigation is the application of

tariffs of 25 percent to all imports of Brazil, with certain exemptions as detailed in Annex

I and II to this notice. Exempting these products is appropriate as each of these products

constitutes (a) raw materials that if subject to these tariffs could lead to the unavailability

of domestic supply; (b) products that could cause economy-wide disruptions if subject to

these tariffs; (c) products that cannot be grown or produced in sufficient quantities or at

reasonable prices in the United States or obtained from other sources; or (d) articles for

which these tariffs may not contribute substantially to the elimination of the acts,

policies, and practices of Brazil found to be actionable in the investigation.

           Any product of Brazil that is subject to the additional duty imposed by this action,

and that is admitted into a U.S. foreign trade zone, except any product that is eligible for

admission under “domestic status” as defined in 19 C.F.R. 146.43, only may be admitted

as “privileged foreign status,” as defined in 19 C.F.R. 146.41, effective as of the date that

the additional duty is imposed.

    III.      Responses to Significant Comments

           The Trade Representative has determined to exempt all of the products proposed

for exemption in the June 4, 2026 Annex, except high-purity dissolving pulp and the non-

                                                7
pharmaceutical applications of certain products proposed for exemption. Further, the

Trade Representative has determined to exempt additional products, including aluminum

hydroxide; antiques, collectibles, and art; ash containing precious metals or precious

metal compounds; certain animal hides, furskins, and leather; certain seafood products;

certain additional pharmaceuticals and pharmaceutical ingredients; certain wood

products; iron and steel waste and scrap; organic honey; pig iron; unflavored instant

coffee; and used clothing. The Trade Representative has determined not to exempt certain

products requested for exemption from the tariffs. For these products, the Trade

Representative determined that exemption from the tariffs was not warranted.

          Below, USTR responds to comments on the proposed action that raise significant

issues.

          A. Discussion of Comments on the Proposed Exemption List

          USTR received a variety of comments on the proposed exemption list, including

support for the products included on the proposed exemption list and requests to remove

certain products from the proposed exemption list. These comments are discussed below.

          Support for products on the proposed exemption list. A number of comments

expressed support for maintaining certain proposed exemptions. Numerous commenters,

including in the animal nutrition, automotive, electrical, medical equipment, and wood

sectors, expressed support for maintaining the proposed exemptions from Section 301

tariffs for products that are subject to Section 232 tariffs. These commenters noted that

the absence of such an exemption could increase capital costs for utilities, and this

exemption helps avoid duplicative tariff treatment. With respect to medical equipment,



                                             8
commenters noted that an exemption for products subject to Section 232 tariffs would

avoid tariff complexity and unintended harm.

       Numerous commenters also expressed support for maintaining the exemptions

proposed for products and industries such as aluminum oxide, wood and wood products,

dietary supplements, oranges and orange inputs, iron ore pellets, and stone. Commenters

supporting these proposed exemptions, such as with respect to iron ore pellets, certain

types of wood and wood products, and aluminum oxide, asserted an insufficiency of

supply from U.S. or other non-Brazilian sources. Comments related to wood and wood

products noted that many species native to Brazil are unique tropical woods that cannot

be grown domestically or in other countries. Such comments also noted that species

grown in Brazil have unique attributes that satisfy particular performance, safety, or

structural requirements, such as fire ratings, durability, or moisture resistance, and thus

could not easily be substituted for other species. Another reason given for supporting

these proposed exemptions, such as for certain stone products and high-purity dissolving

pulp, was that imports of these products contribute to investment in the United States and

U.S. employment.

       As noted, considering the public comments and the advice of the Section 301

Committee—and in accordance with the specific direction of the President—the Trade

Representative has determined to exempt from this tariff action all of the products

proposed for exemption in the June 4, 2026 Annex, except high-purity dissolving pulp

and the non-pharmaceutical applications of certain products proposed for exemption, as

each of these products constitutes (a) raw materials that if subject to these tariffs could

lead to the unavailability of domestic supply; (b) products that could cause economy-

                                              9
wide disruptions if subject to these tariffs; (c) products that cannot be grown or produced

in sufficient quantities or at reasonable prices in the United States or obtained from other

sources; or (d) articles for which these tariffs may not contribute substantially to the

elimination of the acts, policies, and practices of Brazil found to be actionable in the

investigation.

       Determination to remove certain products from the proposed exemption list.

Considering the public comments and the advice of the Section 301 Committee—and in

accordance with the specific direction of the President—the Trade Representative has

determined to maintain the above-referenced, proposed exemptions, but to remove high-

purity dissolving pulp from the list of products for which an exemption was proposed and

to limit the exemption for certain other products to their pharmaceutical applications.

       Regarding high-purity dissolving pulp, USTR received testimony recommending

that USTR remove this product from the exemption list, alleging that Brazilian producers

of this product benefit from illegal deforestation, which lowers land and input costs

relative to the United States. Commenters argued that domestic supply of this product is

unreliable, and noted that U.S. sources cannot provide the same variety or quality as other

sources. Other testimony asserted, however, that there are limited downstream users of

this product, who all have access to alternative domestic supply. Testimony also indicated

that applying tariffs on high-purity dissolving pulp would align with the Administration’s

broader efforts to address unfair trade in such products.

       Regarding the limitation of certain proposed exemptions on certain chemicals and

chemical products to their pharmaceutical applications, comments supporting proposed

exemptions noted the health-related applications of products proposed for exemption

                                             10
such as cellulose, acai preparations, and phosphoaminolipids, and stated that certain

ingredients that support U.S. manufacturing of healthcare products are not available in

the United States in sufficient quantities to meet domestic demand. Limiting exemptions

for these proposed chemical products to their pharmaceutical applications is consistent

with the proposal in the June 4, 2026 FRN because an exemption for all applications is

broader than necessary to cover goods that have limited availability outside Brazil.

       Considering the public comments and the advice of the Section 301 Committee—

and in accordance with the specific direction of the President—the Trade Representative

has determined to maintain the above-referenced, proposed exemptions, but to remove

high-purity dissolving pulp from the list of products for which an exemption was

proposed and to limit the exemption for certain other products to their pharmaceutical

applications, as high-purity dissolving pulp and the non-pharmaceutical applications of

certain exempted products are not (a) raw materials that if subject to these tariffs could

lead to the unavailability of domestic supply; (b) products that could cause economy-

wide disruptions if subject to these tariffs; (c) products that cannot be grown or produced

in sufficient quantities or at reasonable prices in the United States or obtained from other

sources; or (d) articles for which these tariffs may not contribute substantially to the

elimination of the acts, policies, and practices of Brazil found to be actionable in the

investigation.

       Requests to remove other products from exemption list. Some commenters

requested to remove other products from the proposed exemption list or otherwise more

broadly advocated for narrowly tailored exemptions. Industries or products for which

commenters expressed opposition to proposed exemptions include iron ore pellets, beef,

                                             11
chemical wood pulp, fresh oranges, certain wood products, and chemicals and

petrochemicals. Commenters suggested, for example, that beef, wood pulp, and certain

wood and wood products are linked to certain acts, policies, and practices found

actionable in this investigation, and that exempting these products would fail to hold

Brazil accountable for such acts, policies, and practices. There remains limited

availability of these products outside of Brazil, however, and Section 301(c)(3)(B)

provides that the Trade Representative is authorized to take action against any goods or

economic sector “without regard to whether or not such goods or economic sector were

involved in the act, policy, or practice that is the subject of such action.”

       With respect to iron ore pellets, commenters suggested that production from

Brazil had weakened the domestic industry by dictating prices, pointed to recent and

anticipated expansion in U.S. production capabilities, and suggested that subjecting

imports of this product to tariffs could support investment and employment in the United

States. Other commenters argued, however, that iron ore pellets are not presently

produced in the United States in sufficient quantities and cannot be obtained from other

sources outside Brazil.

       Considering the public comments and the advice of the Section 301 Committee—

and in accordance with the specific direction of the President—the Trade Representative

has determined not to remove products other than high-purity dissolving pulp and the

non-pharmaceutical applications of certain products from the proposed exemption list, as

these other products do not constitute (a) raw materials that if subject to these tariffs

could lead to the unavailability of domestic supply; (b) products that could cause

economy-wide disruptions if subject to these tariffs; (c) products that cannot be grown or

                                              12
produced in sufficient quantities or at reasonable prices in the United States or obtained

from other sources; or (d) articles for which these tariffs may not contribute substantially

to the elimination of the acts, policies, and practices of Brazil found to be actionable in

the investigation.

       B. Determination to Expand the Proposed Exemption List

       As noted above, considering the public comments and the advice of the Section

301 Committee—and in accordance with the specific direction of the President—the

Trade Representative has determined to exempt from this tariff action all of the products

proposed for exemption in the June 4, 2026 Annex except high-purity dissolving pulp and

the non-pharmaceutical applications of certain products proposed for exemption, as well

as to expand the list to include aluminum hydroxide; antiques, collectibles, and art; ash

containing precious metals or precious metal compounds; certain animal hides, furskins,

and leather; certain seafood products; certain additional pharmaceuticals and

pharmaceutical ingredients; certain wood products; iron and steel waste and scrap;

organic honey; pig iron; unflavored instant coffee; and used clothing.

       With respect to aluminum hydroxide, commenters noted that the sole U.S.

supplier of aluminum hydroxide is unable to meet U.S. demand and that approximately

40 percent of U.S. supply is sourced from Brazil. According to comments, aluminum

hydroxide is an essential, non-substitutable raw material used in critical applications such

as sanitation of drinking water, production of flame-retardant polymer materials used in

defense and industrial applications, production of oil and gas, and refining of aluminum.

Companies that use aluminum hydroxide in these and other applications require a stable

and cost-effective supply of aluminum hydroxide, including from Brazil.

                                             13
       Regarding ash containing precious metals or precious metal compounds,

comments noted that tariffs on these items would not address the acts, policies, and

practices at issue and would increase costs and disrupt supply chains for products needed

to protect U.S. national security. Brazil is a significant supplier to the United States of ash

containing precious metals or precious metal compounds, with more than 50 percent of

total imports to the United States of this raw material coming from Brazil.

       Comments regarding antiques, collectibles, and art noted that these products are

typically not newly produced, and many of them are not products of Brazil. Applying

tariffs on these products would not be effective in obtaining the elimination of the acts,

policies, and practices of Brazil determined to be actionable in this investigation, and in

fact, could increase demand for newly-produced goods, including newly-produced goods

from Brazil.

       Comments regarding certain animal hides, furskins, and leather asserted that

alternative sources of leather are not available at comparable prices, quality, or scale

those available in Brazil, and that production could not easily be moved to the United

States. Comments also emphasized that these products are manufacturing inputs in a wide

range of downstream commercial products, including automotive, furniture, and footwear

products. Commenters noted that applying tariffs on these products would undermine the

competitiveness of U.S. firms.

       With respect to certain seafood products, commenters pointed to catch limits,

quotas, and spawning-season closures in the United States as limiting the availability of

domestic supply, and noted that imports accounted for about 80 percent of the seafood

that Americans ate in 2023. They observed that seafood products imported to the United

                                              14
States from Brazil meet particular demands of commercial sale and consumer

preferences, and that restaurants, retailers, and others depend on seafood products

compatible with North American consumption to maintain operations.

       Regarding requests to exempt additional pharmaceuticals and pharmaceutical

ingredients to those proposed in the June 2, 2026 Annex, commenters suggested that

these products are ingredients that support U.S. manufacturing and cannot be obtained in

the United States. Comments further observed that these products were used for health

purposes similar to uses for products already proposed for exemption from tariffs.

       With respect to wood products, including certain types of softwood plywood and

engineered hardwood flooring, commenters noted that there is limited-to-no domestic

availability; that the products are harvested in compliance with Brazilian forestry laws

and regulations; and that tariffs would harm U.S. consumers, importers, distributors, and

builders, as they are inputs with a wide range of important applications in the

construction and industrial sectors. Commenters additionally noted that, while certain

unfinished tropical-wood inputs were proposed to be exempted, the finished wood

products were not, and suggested that this would simply shift costs to U.S. value-added

products, while not providing a meaningful incentive for Brazil to change its conduct.

Commenters also noted that, with respect to certain wood products and other sectors,

stacking Section 301 tariffs on top of Section 232 tariffs would not contribute to security,

offer little additional policy benefit, and instead would disrupt supply chains and raise

consumer costs. While other comments advocated for the application of tariffs on certain

plywood products, arguing that such products may be derived from illegally deforested

timber or timber sourced from Brazilian tree plantations containing non-native species

                                             15
that have contributed to illegal deforestation, such comments do not address the potential

impacts of tariffs on consumers or the domestic availability of these products.

       With respect to iron and steel waste and scrap, comments noted that this product

is similar to other products that were proposed to be exempted from tariffs applied

pursuant to this action. Like other products already proposed for exemption, iron and

steel waste and scrap is an important input for carbon and alloy steel production, and

there is no viable domestic supply for this product.

       Regarding organic honey, commenters assert that there is almost no domestic

production of organic honey despite demand, noting that U.S. production satisfies only 3

percent of annual domestic demand, while as much as 80 percent of U.S. imports of

organic honey is sourced from Brazil. Commenters further explain that domestic

production of organic honey cannot easily be increased given requirements for large

quantities of pesticide-free land and native vegetation that does not exist in the United

States, as well as the unique natural disease-resistance of Brazilian bee varieties.

Commenters suggest that organic honey is a non-substitutable input for many

downstream, processed products.

       With respect to pig iron, historically, more than 95 percent of domestic pig iron

production is consumed internally by U.S. integrated steel producers, meaning that iron

foundries (like electric arc furnace steel producers) are reliant on imported pig iron.

Commenters also noted that other third-country sources of pig iron were limited given

that China consumes virtually all of the pig iron it produces, and supply from Russia and

Ukraine has been affected by the Russia-Ukraine war. Commenters also stated that pig

iron is an essential raw material for iron foundry operations, and it is melted and mixed

                                             16
with scrap iron and other alloys to produce cast iron. They observed that there is no

substitute for pig iron, and that additional tariffs on pig iron imports would exacerbate

competition they already face from imports of downstream products. In contrast, some

commenters advocated for tariffs on pig iron—suggesting that the United States has the

raw materials and production capacity to replace imported pig iron from Brazil. However,

very little domestically produced pig iron is currently sold in the U.S. market, so imports

from Brazil are important to satisfy U.S. demand.

       Comments regarding unflavored instant coffee observed that Brazil is the largest

producer globally of coffee, including bulk, unflavored instant coffee, and that unflavored

instant coffee is not available from domestic sources (emphasis added). These comments

also maintained that alternative sources of supply cannot reliably replace the volume of

unflavored instant coffee that Brazilian producers supply to the United States due to

factors including the inability to meet technical specifications required by U.S.

manufacturers. Commenters also noted that the June 4, 2026 Annex proposed to exempt

flavored instant coffee from tariffs; contended that there is no rationale for treating

flavored and unflavored instant coffee differently; and argued that treating these products

differently could create market distortions (emphasis added).

       With respect to used clothing—as with antiques, collectibles, and art—comments

noted that these products are typically not newly produced, and often are not products of

Brazil. Applying tariffs on these products would not be effective in obtaining the

elimination of the acts, policies, and practices of Brazil determined to be actionable in

this investigation, and in fact, could increase demand for newly-produced goods,

including newly-produced goods from Brazil.

                                              17
       Accordingly, the Trade Representative has determined to add aluminum

hydroxide; antiques, collectibles, and art; ash containing precious metals or precious

metal compounds; certain animal hides, furskins, and leather; certain seafood products;

certain additional pharmaceuticals and pharmaceutical ingredients; certain additional

wood products; iron and steel waste and scrap; organic honey; pig iron; unflavored

instant coffee; and used clothing to the list of products exempted from tariffs imposed in

connection with this investigation. These products constitute (a) raw materials that if

subject to these tariffs could lead to the unavailability of domestic supply; (b) products

that could cause economy-wide disruptions if subject to these tariffs; (c) products that

cannot be grown or produced in sufficient quantities or at reasonable prices in the United

States or obtained from other sources; or (d) articles for which these tariffs may not

contribute substantially to the elimination of the acts, policies, and practices of Brazil

found to be actionable in the investigation.

       C. Commenter Requests for Additions to the Exemption List

       USTR received numerous comments requesting that additional products be added

to the exemption list and exempted from tariffs. These comments related to industries or

products including agricultural machinery, apparel, electrical machinery, footwear,

gardening tools, mining-related equipment, paper, steel, organic sugar, other various

agricultural products, various manufactured goods, and wood and wood products. These

commenters presented a number of significant arguments for these requests, as discussed

in the following paragraphs. We set forth responses to those arguments made by these

commenters below.



                                               18
       Not available from U.S. sources. Numerous comments, such as those related to

compressors, gardening tools, organic sugar, and stone, suggested that the product for

which an exemption was requested was not available from U.S. sources. For example,

comments related to organic sugar noted that domestic production supplied only a small

portion of U.S. demand. With respect to stone, commenters pointed to the unique nature

of the products sourced from Brazil, particularly colors and patterns not available in the

United States. Other commenters in this category made similar arguments. Tariffs applied

pursuant to this investigation will be applied only to products of Brazil, however, and

products that are not available from the United States may be available from third-

country sources.

       Limits on third-country sourcing. Several comments, including comments

requesting exemptions for rubber components of machinery and vehicles, and footwear,

suggested the availability of supply for a particular product from sources outside Brazil

may be limited. With respect to rubber components of machinery and vehicles,

commenters noted that these components were part of established production programs

that have been validated and approved by manufacturers and customers. With respect to

footwear, comments and witness testimony focused on the fact that substitutions would

not be available at the same quality and scale as products from Brazil. Such commenters

do not suggest that substitution of products from U.S. or third-country sources was not

possible, however, and the announcement of proposed tariffs on June 1, 2026, indicated

that products from Brazil may be subject to tariffs and, as such, importers of such

products have been on notice that seeking alternative sources may be appropriate.



                                            19
       Increased costs. Other comments, including comments related to apparel,

chemicals and petrochemicals, electrical equipment, footwear, and stone products,

suggested that application of tariffs on certain products from Brazil could increase costs

for U.S. consumers or manufacturers. Comments related to stone products noted that

tariffs could be passed along in increased home prices. With respect to electrical

equipment, commenters noted that tariffs could raise the overall cost for establishing

infrastructure for artificial intelligence applications. Regarding footwear, commenters

suggested tariffs could have an adverse impact on American retailers, particularly small

retailers. Regarding chemicals and petrochemicals, commenters asserted that tariffs

would raise costs for downstream U.S. manufacturers, highlighted the ubiquity of

chemicals in consumer products, and suggested that imports from Brazil would shift to

other, less desirable foreign markets. A number of different factors may affect costs,

however, and in any event, a number of these comments also concern consumer goods

that are generally available from third countries.

       Competitive disadvantage for U.S. businesses. Some comments, such as those

related to agricultural machinery and vehicle parts, suggested that tariffs would put U.S.

producers at a competitive disadvantage as compared to foreign producers who may

import Brazilian imports without tariffs. With respect to vehicle parts, for example,

commenters noted that U.S. manufacturers are attempting to diversify supply chains, but

this process takes time. Comments related to agricultural machinery suggested that a

tariff on goods of Brazil would force U.S. producers to choose between absorbing a cost

disadvantage or reducing capital investment. However, a competitive disadvantage does

not indicate unavailability of domestic supply or that the products cannot be produced in

                                             20
sufficient quantities or at reasonable prices in the United States or from other sources.

Products may still be imported from third-country sources, meaning that any competitive

disadvantage may only apply for producers who continue sourcing from Brazil.

Additionally, a competitive disadvantage does not indicate that the tariffs will cause an

economy-wide disruption. Moreover, regarding vehicle parts, any products already

subject to Section 232 tariffs are exempt from additional tariffs pursuant to this action.

        Products unrelated to the acts, policies, and practices investigated. Some

comments, such as those related to stone, machinery, and animal hides, furskins, and

leather, noted that the products for which they requested exemption from tariffs were not

related to the acts, policies, and practices found actionable in this investigation.

Comments regarding stone, for example, noted that quarrying does not contribute to

deforestation. Commenters requesting exemptions for machinery observed that there is

no causal connection between the importation of Brazilian industrial machinery to the

United States and the acts, policies, and practices determined to be actionable in this

investigation. However, imposing tariffs on imports from Brazil can create greater

leverage to obtain the elimination of the investigated acts, policies, and practices, and as

described above, Section 301(c)(3)(B) of the Trade Act authorizes the Trade

Representative to take action against any goods or economic sector of the foreign country

concerned regardless of whether or not such goods or economic sector are involved in the

act, policy, or practice subject to investigation.

        Tariffs would not shift production to the United States. Some comments, such

as those related to construction machinery, opposed imposition of tariffs on certain

products, arguing that production of those products would not shift production to the

                                              21
United States. Comments with respect to construction machinery, for example, noted that

tariffs on products from Brazil would apply to U.S. or multinational companies that were

importing from their own Brazilian manufacturing operations. These requests for

exclusion may suggest limited availability for a particular company, but do not suggest a

general unavailability of products outside of Brazil.

        Considering the public comments and the advice of the Section 301 Committee—

and in accordance with the specific direction of the President—the Trade Representative

has determined to not add these and other products to the list of products exempted from

tariffs, as these products are not (a) raw materials that if subject to these tariffs could lead

to the unavailability of domestic supply; (b) products that could cause economy-wide

disruptions if subject to these tariffs; (c) products that cannot be grown or produced in

sufficient quantities or at reasonable prices in the United States or obtained from other

sources; or (d) articles for which these tariffs may not contribute substantially to the

elimination of the acts, policies, and practices of Brazil found to be actionable in the

investigation.

        D. Comments Regarding the Form of the Action

        USTR received a number of comments regarding the form of the action to be

taken in this investigation. The vast majority of comments did not express disagreement

with the form of the action proposed. Some comments suggested that the proposed action

represented an appropriate remedy given the findings, and in certain cases specifically

requested that tariffs be maintained on particular products or categories of products. For

example, one comment expressed support for the proposed tariff and specifically

requested the continued application of tariffs on wood moldings and millwork products.

                                              22
These commenters presented a number of significant arguments for these requests, as

discussed in the following paragraphs. We set forth responses to such arguments below.

       Comments regarding the tariff rate. Other comments addressed the proposed

tariff rate of 25 percent specifically, and expressed mixed perspectives on the

appropriateness of the rate. For example, commenters from the U.S. ethanol industry

remarked that a 25 percent tariff on all goods of Brazil was an appropriate action in this

case, was consistent with the findings of the investigation, and would allow the United

States to recoup the market value it had lost due to Brazil’s imposition of ethanol tariffs.

       Some commenters who were opposed to the imposition of a 25 percent tariff

remarked that this rate would significantly increase the cost of imported products from

Brazil, which would result in disproportionate impacts on small businesses in particular,

potentially causing them to stop hiring or even lay off workers. For ethanol specifically,

testimony argued that, when considering the proposed 25 percent tariff rate alongside

actions proposed in other investigations under Section 301 of the Trade Act, the total

applied rate on Brazilian ethanol could be as high as 37.5 percent, which would be much

higher than Brazil’s tariff on U.S. ethanol and lead to further instability on the ethanol

market. Other comments emphasized that, should tariffs be imposed, they should be

carefully tailored and limited in size, scope, and duration and specifically structured to

avoid unnecessary harm to U.S. stakeholders. Such comments also recommended that

tariffs be subject to a transparent exclusions process, and that they be proportionate to the

specific acts, policies, and practices addressed in this investigation.

       As noted above, the President directed imposition of a 25 percent tariff on all

goods of Brazil, with exemptions for certain goods, finding that alternatives such as a

                                              23
lower tariff rate, negotiation without the imposition of tariffs, and action under other

statutory authority without action under Section 301 would be less effective and less

preferable. Consistent with this direction, acts, policies, and practices found actionable in

this investigation have persisted for years despite ongoing engagement with Brazil and

other attempts to address these issues. The acts, policies, and practices found to be

actionable in this investigation also have broad impacts on the U.S. economy. The

imposition of a significant tariff on all products of Brazil, with certain exemptions, is

appropriate to create leverage and obtain the removal of those acts, policies, and

practices. USTR has carefully considered public comments on the proposed exemption

list and has adjusted that list in the final action to avoid imposing tariffs on (a) raw

materials that if subject to these tariffs could lead to the unavailability of domestic

supply; (b) products that could cause economy-wide disruptions if subject to these tariffs;

(c) products that cannot be grown or produced in sufficient quantities or at reasonable

prices in the United States or obtained from other sources; or (d) articles for which these

tariffs may not contribute substantially to the elimination of the acts, policies, and

practices of Brazil determined to be actionable in the investigation.

       Comments regarding Special 301 engagement. Regarding U.S. engagement

with Brazil in the context of the ongoing Special 301 review (19 U.S.C. 2242) and the

subjects of that engagement, numerous commenters expressed agreement with the Trade

Representative’s determination with respect to intellectual property protection as set out

in the June 4, 2026 FRN. Comments noted continued concern with Brazil’s approach to

intellectual property protection and enforcement and urged USTR to press Brazil to

address these longstanding issues. Comments also opined that concerns related to Brazil’s

                                              24
intellectual property protection and enforcement could most durably be eliminated

through specific, verifiable commitments. The imposition of tariffs in this investigation

occurs alongside other efforts, such as the preparation of the annual Special 301 Report.

       Comments suggesting action other than tariffs. Several other comments

suggested the Trade Representative should take action other than (or in addition to) the

imposition of tariffs in this investigation. Some commenters suggested that the Trade

Representative should suspend the action or close the investigation entirely. Some

commenters suggested that the United States undertake bilateral negotiations with Brazil,

or multilateral negotiations with Brazil and others, rather than or alongside the imposition

of tariffs. Some testimony also similarly suggested that bilateral engagement would be

more appropriate than tariffs and any tariff—even at a rate lower than 25 percent—would

be inappropriate. Other commenters suggested that imposing tariffs would undermine the

goals of the investigation, or questioned whether tariffs alone would obtain the

elimination of certain acts, policies, and practices found actionable in this investigation.

Another commenter suggested that the Trade Representative reconsider the findings

stated in the June 4, 2026 FRN and engage in constructive dialogue. Other comments

advocated for capacity building, technical cooperation or technical assistance, and similar

non-tariff responsive actions. Certain commenters also proposed phase-in periods,

exclusion processes, calibrated measures, and time limits or periodic review for tariffs.

Some comments, such as those from U.S. ethanol producers, urged USTR to consider

taking specific additional non-tariff actions to address certain non-tariff acts, policies, and

practices of Brazil.



                                              25
        As noted above, the President directed imposition of a 25 percent tariff on all

goods of Brazil, with exemptions for certain goods, finding that alternatives such as a

lower tariff rate, negotiation without the imposition of tariffs, and action under other

statutory authority without action under Section 301 would be less effective and less

preferable. Consistent with this direction, acts, policies, and practices found actionable in

this investigation have persisted for years, and negotiations and cooperative engagement

alone have not proven sufficient to bring about their elimination, and the 25 percent tariff

imposed in connection with this investigation reflects the broad impact of the acts,

policies, and practices determined to be actionable in this investigation and is appropriate

to create leverage and obtain their removal. The imposition of tariffs in this investigation

does not preclude continued negotiations with Brazil. The Trade Representative will

continue to monitor the issues raised in this investigation pursuant to Section 301 of the

Trade Act and will consider whether modifications are appropriate. The Section 301

statute itself provides for the modification of actions, including a provision on review of

necessity at Section 307(c) of the Trade Act (19 U.S.C. 2417(c)). Section 307 of the

Trade Act provides that “[t]he Trade Representative may modify or terminate any action,

subject to the specific direction, if any, of the President with respect to such action, that is

being taken under [Section 301] if . . . the burden or restriction on United States

commerce . . . of the acts, policies, and practices, that are the subject of such action has

increased or decreased or [if] such action is being taken under [Section 301(b)] of this

title and is no longer appropriate.”

        Action by Brazil that decreases the burden or restriction on U.S. commerce may

indicate that U.S. action at this level is no longer appropriate to obtain the elimination of

                                              26
Brazil’s acts, policies, and practices determined to be actionable in this investigation.

Likewise, action by Brazil that increases the burden or restriction on U.S. commerce—

such as increases in duties on goods of the United States, as opposed to addressing U.S.

concerns with the unfair practices found in the investigation—may indicate that U.S.

action at this level is not sufficient to obtain the elimination of Brazil’s acts, policies, and

practices determined to be actionable in this investigation. Finally, the application of

Section 301 tariffs in response to a particular act, policy, or practice does not preclude the

application of other remedies pursuant to Section 301 of the Trade Act or other

authorities, as appropriate and provided for under those other authorities.




Jennifer Thornton,

General Counsel,

Office of the United States Trade Representative




                                               27
                                                    ANNEX I

              A. Effective with respect to goods entered for consumption, or withdrawn from
                 warehouse for consumption, on or after 12:01 a.m. eastern time on July 22, 2026,
                 subchapter III of chapter 99 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United
                 States (HTSUS) is modified as follows:


              1. The following new headings are inserted in numerical sequence, with the material
                 in each new heading inserted in the columns of the HTSUS labeled
                 “Heading/Subheading”, “Article Description”, “Rates of Duty 1-General”, “Rates
                 of Duty 1-Special” and “Rates of Duty 2”, respectively:
                                                                                 Rates of Duty
 Heading/
                        Article Description                                  1                           2
Subheading
                                                               General                Special
“9903.05.01    Except for products described in            The duty              The duty          The duty
               headings 9903.05.02–9903.05.09,             provided in the       provided in the   provided in
               articles the product of Brazil, as          applicable            applicable        the applicable
               provided for in subdivision (a) of          subheading +          subheading +      subheading
               U.S. note 50 to this subchapter . . . . .   25%                   25%
               .
9903.05.02     Articles the product of Brazil that (1)     The duty              The duty          The duty
               were loaded onto a vessel at the port       provided in the       provided in the   provided in
               of loading and in transit on the final      applicable            applicable        the applicable
               mode of transit prior to entry into the     subheading            subheading        subheading
               United States before 12:01 a.m.
               eastern time on July 22, 2026; and (2)
               are entered for consumption, or
               withdrawn from warehouse for
               consumption, before 12:01 a.m.
               eastern time on July 29, 2026 . . . . . .
               ...
9903.05.03     Articles the product of Brazil, as         The duty               The duty          The duty
               provided for in subdivision (a)(ii) of     provided in the        provided in the   provided in
               U.S. note 50 to this subchapter . . . . .  applicable             applicable        the applicable
                                                          subheading             subheading        subheading
9903.05.04     Articles the product of Brazil, as         The duty               The duty          The duty
               provided for in subdivision (a)(iii) of provided in the           provided in the   provided in
               U.S. note 50 to this subchapter . . . . . applicable              applicable        the applicable
                                                          subheading             subheading        subheading
9903.05.05     Articles of civil aircraft (all aircraft   The duty               The duty          The duty
               other than military aircraft); their       provided in the        provided in the   provided in
               engines, parts and components; their applicable                   applicable        the applicable
               other parts, components and                subheading             subheading        subheading
                                                        28
              subassemblies; and ground flight
              simulators and their parts and
              components of Brazil, as provided for
              in subdivision (a)(iv) of U.S. note 50
              to this subchapter . . . . .
9903.05.06    Articles the product of Brazil that are      The duty          The duty          The duty
              articles for use in pharmaceutical           provided in the   provided in the   provided in
              applications, as provided for in             applicable        applicable        the applicable
              subdivision (a)(v) of U.S. note 50 to        subheading        subheading        subheading
              this subchapter. . . . . . .
9903.05.07    Articles of aluminum, of steel, or of        The duty          The duty          The duty
              copper or derivative aluminum or             provided in the   provided in the   provided in
              steel articles; passenger vehicles           applicable        applicable        the applicable
              (sedans, sport utility vehicles,             subheading        subheading        subheading
              crossover utility vehicles, minivans,
              and cargo vans) and light trucks;
              parts of passenger vehicles (sedans,
              sport utility vehicles, crossover utility
              vehicles, minivans, and cargo vans)
              and light trucks; medium- and heavy-
              duty vehicles; parts of medium- and
              heavy-duty vehicles; wood products;
              and semiconductor articles, of Brazil,
              as provided in subdivision (a)(vi) of
              U.S. note 50 to this subchapter . . . . .
9903.05.08    Articles the product of Brazil that are      The duty          The duty          The duty
              donations by persons subject to the          provided in the   provided in the   provided in
              jurisdiction of the United States, such      applicable        applicable        the applicable
              as food, clothing and medicine,              subheading        subheading        subheading
              intended to be used to relieve human
              suffering . . . . . .
9903.05.09    Articles the product of Brazil that are      The duty          The duty          The duty
              informational materials, including but       provided in the   provided in the   provided in
              not limited to publications, films,          applicable        applicable        the applicable
              posters, phonograph records,                 subheading        subheading        subheading”
              photographs, microfilms, microfiche,
              tapes, compact disks, CD ROMs,
              artworks and news wire feeds . . . . . .
              ....


             2. The following new U.S. note 50 is inserted:

        “50. (a) (i) Except as provided in headings 9903.05.02–9903.05.09 and in subdivisions
        (a)(ii) through (a)(vi) of this note, and other than products for personal use included in

                                                          29
accompanied baggage of persons arriving in the United States, heading 9903.05.01
imposes an additional ad valorem rate of duty on imports of all products of Brazil.
Notwithstanding U.S. note 1 to this subchapter, all products that are subject to the
additional ad valorem rate of duty imposed by this heading shall also be subject to the
general rates of duty imposed under subheadings in chapters 1 to 97 of the tariff schedule.
Except as provided in subdivisions (a)(ii) through (a)(vi) of this note, all products that are
subject to the additional ad valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.05.01 shall
also be subject to any additional duty provided for in this subchapter or in subchapter IV
of chapter 99. Products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under general note
3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, or that are eligible for temporary duty exemptions or
reductions under subchapter II to chapter 99, shall be subject to the additional ad valorem
rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.05.01, except as otherwise provided in this
subdivision.
The additional duty imposed by heading 9903.05.01 shall not apply to goods for which
entry is properly claimed under a provision of chapter 98 of the tariff schedule pursuant
to applicable regulations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (“CBP”), and whenever
CBP agrees that entry under such a provision is appropriate, except for goods entered
under heading 9802.00.80 or subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50 or 9802.00.60. For
goods entered under subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50 and 9802.00.60, the additional
duty applies to the value of repairs, alterations or processing performed, as described in
the applicable subheading. For goods entered under heading 9802.00.80, the additional
duty applies to the value of the article assembled abroad, less the cost or value of such
products of the United States, as described.
Products that are provided for in heading 9903.05.01 shall continue to be subject to
antidumping, countervailing, or other duties, taxes, fees, exactions and charges that apply
to such products, as well as to the additional ad valorem rate of duty imposed by this
heading.
(ii) As provided in heading 9903.05.03, the additional duty imposed by heading
9903.05.01 shall not apply to articles the product of Brazil that are classifiable in the
following subheadings of the HTSUS:

 0201.10.05       0904.22.73    2707.40.00    2849.20.10    4001.10.00       7501.10.00
 0201.10.10       0904.22.76    2707.50.00    2849.20.20    4001.21.00       7502.10.00
 0201.10.50       0904.22.80    2707.91.00    2849.90.30    4001.22.00       7502.20.00
 0201.20.02       0905.10.00    2707.99.10    2853.90.10    4001.29.00       7503.00.00
 0201.20.04       0905.20.00    2707.99.20    2853.90.90    4001.30.00       7504.00.00
 0201.20.06       0906.11.00    2707.99.40    2903.19.05    4104.11.20       7508.90.50
 0201.20.10       0906.19.00    2707.99.51    2903.19.10    4104.41.50       7901.11.00
 0201.20.30       0906.20.00    2707.99.55    2903.19.30    4104.49.10       7901.12.10
 0201.20.50       0907.10.00    2707.99.59    2903.19.60    4104.49.50       7901.12.50

                                              30
0201.20.80   0907.20.00   2707.99.90   2915.29.30   4107.11.20     7901.20.00
0201.30.02   0908.11.00   2708.10.00   2936.21.00   4107.12.20     7902.00.00
0201.30.04   0908.12.00   2708.20.00   2936.22.00   4302.19.60     7903.90.30
0201.30.06   0908.21.00   2709.00.10   2936.23.00   4403.41.00     7907.00.60
0201.30.10   0908.22.20   2709.00.20   2936.24.01   4403.42.00     8001.10.00
0201.30.30   0908.22.40   2710.12.15   2936.25.00   4403.49.02     8001.20.00
0201.30.50   0908.31.00   2710.12.18   2936.26.00   4407.21.00     8002.00.00
0201.30.80   0908.32.00   2710.12.25   2936.27.00   4407.22.00     8007.00.50
0202.10.05   0909.21.00   2710.12.45   2936.28.00   4407.23.01     8101.10.00
0202.10.10   0909.22.00   2710.12.90   2936.29.10   4407.25.00     8101.97.00
0202.10.50   0909.31.00   2710.19.06   2936.29.16   4407.26.00     8103.20.00
0202.20.02   0909.32.00   2710.19.11   2936.29.20   4407.27.00     8103.30.00
0202.20.04   0909.61.00   2710.19.16   2936.29.50   4407.28.00     8103.91.00
0202.20.06   0909.62.00   2710.19.24   2936.90.01   4407.29.02     8103.99.00
0202.20.10   0910.11.00   2710.19.25   2937.11.00   4407.99.0295   8104.11.00
0202.20.30   0910.12.00   2710.19.26   2937.12.00   4408.31.01     8104.19.00
0202.20.50   0910.20.00   2710.19.30   2937.19.00   4408.39.02     8104.20.00
0202.20.80   0910.30.00   2710.19.35   2937.21.00   4409.22.05     8104.30.00
0202.30.02   0910.91.00   2710.19.40   2937.22.00   4409.22.10     8104.90.00
0202.30.04   0910.99.07   2710.19.45   2937.23.10   4409.22.25     8105.20.30
0202.30.06   0910.99.10   2710.19.90   2937.23.25   4409.22.40     8105.20.60
0202.30.10   0910.99.20   2710.20.05   2937.23.50   4409.22.50     8105.20.90
0202.30.30   0910.99.40   2710.20.10   2937.29.10   4409.22.60     8105.30.00
0202.30.50   0910.99.50   2710.20.15   2937.29.90   4409.22.65     8105.90.00
0202.30.80   0910.99.60   2710.20.25   2937.50.00   4409.22.90     8106.10.00
0206.10.00   1003.90.40   2710.91.00   2937.90.05   4412.31.06     8106.90.00
0206.21.00   1008.30.00   2710.99.05   2937.90.10   4412.31.26     8108.20.00
0206.22.00   1008.40.00   2710.99.10   2937.90.20   4412.31.42     8108.30.00
0206.29.00   1008.60.00   2710.99.16   2937.90.40   4412.31.45     8108.90.30
0210.20.00   1106.20.90   2710.99.21   2937.90.45   4412.31.48     8108.90.60
0302.32.00   1106.30.20   2710.99.31   2937.90.90   4412.31.52     8110.10.00
0302.34.00   1108.14.00   2710.99.32   2939.11.00   4412.31.61     8110.20.00
0302.44.00   1108.19.00   2710.99.39   2939.19.10   4412.31.92     8110.90.00
0302.47.00   1203.00.00   2710.99.45   2939.19.20   4412.41.00     8111.00.47
0302.71.11   1207.91.00   2710.99.90   2939.19.50   4412.51.10     8111.00.49
0302.71.50   1513.11.00   2711.11.00   2939.20.00   4412.51.31     8112.21.00
0302.89.50   1513.19.00   2711.12.00   2939.30.00   4412.51.41     8112.22.00
0303.23.00   1521.10.00   2711.13.00   2939.41.00   4412.51.51     8112.29.00
0303.89.00   1521.90.20   2711.14.00   2939.42.00   4412.91.06     8112.41.10
0304.31.00   1602.50.05   2711.19.00   2939.44.00   4412.91.10     8112.41.50
                                       31
0306.11.00     1602.50.07   2711.21.00   2939.45.00   4412.91.31   8112.49.00
0409.00.0005   1602.50.08   2711.29.00   2939.49.03   4412.91.41   8112.59.00
0508.00.00     1602.50.21   2712.10.00   2939.59.00   4412.91.51   8112.92.10
0702.00.20     1602.50.60   2712.20.00   2939.62.00   4601.22.40   8112.92.30
0702.00.40     1602.50.90   2712.90.10   2939.63.00   4601.22.80   8112.92.40
0702.00.60     1801.00.00   2712.90.20   2939.69.00   4601.22.90   8112.92.60
0709.99.05     1802.00.00   2713.11.00   2939.72.00   4601.29.40   8112.92.65
0709.99.10     1803.10.00   2713.12.00   2939.79.00   4601.93.01   8112.99.10
0710.80.15     1803.20.00   2713.20.00   2941.10.10   4601.93.05   8112.99.20
0711.90.30     1804.00.00   2713.90.00   2941.10.20   4601.93.20   8112.99.91
0712.32.00     1805.00.00   2714.10.00   2941.10.30   4602.12.05   8422.40.9181
0712.34.10     1903.00.20   2714.90.00   2941.10.50   4602.12.14   8471.30.01
0712.34.20     1903.00.40   2715.00.00   2941.20.10   4602.12.16   8471.41.01
0713.34.20     2001.90.45   2716.00.00   2941.20.50   4602.12.23   8471.49.00
0713.34.40     2005.91.60   2801.20.00   2941.30.00   4602.12.25   8471.50.01
0714.10.10     2006.00.40   2804.29.00   2941.40.00   4602.12.35   8471.60.10
0714.10.20     2007.99.40   2804.50.00   2941.50.00   4602.12.45   8471.60.20
0714.40.10     2007.99.50   2804.61.00   2941.90.10   4703.11.00   8471.60.70
0714.40.20     2008.19.15   2804.69.10   2941.90.30   4703.19.00   8471.60.80
0714.40.50     2008.20.00   2804.69.50   2941.90.50   4703.21.00   8471.60.90
0714.40.60     2008.30.35   2804.80.00   3001.20.00   4703.29.00   8471.70.10
0714.50.10     2008.91.00   2804.90.00   3001.90.01   4704.11.00   8471.70.20
0714.50.20     2008.99.13   2805.19.10   3002.12.00   4704.19.00   8471.70.30
0714.50.60     2008.99.15   2805.19.20   3002.13.00   4704.21.00   8471.70.40
0714.90.42     2008.99.40   2805.19.90   3002.14.00   4704.29.00   8471.70.50
0714.90.44     2008.99.45   2805.30.00   3002.15.00   4705.00.00   8471.70.60
0714.90.46     2008.99.91   2811.11.00   3002.41.00   4706.10.00   8471.70.90
0714.90.48     2009.11.00   2811.19.10   3002.42.00   4706.20.00   8471.80.10
0714.90.61     2009.12.25   2811.29.10   3002.49.00   4706.30.00   8471.80.40
0801.11.00     2009.12.45   2811.29.20   3002.51.00   4706.91.00   8471.80.90
0801.12.00     2009.19.00   2812.19.00   3002.59.00   4706.92.01   8471.90.00
0801.19.01     2009.39.20   2813.90.10   3002.90.10   4706.93.01   8473.30.11
0801.21.00     2009.49.40   2815.20.00   3002.90.52   5607.21.00   8473.30.20
0801.22.00     2101.11.21   2816.10.00   3003.10.00   6309.00.00   8473.30.51
0801.31.00     2101.11.29   2816.40.10   3003.20.00   6802.99.00   8473.30.91
0801.32.00     2101.12.90   2816.40.20   3003.39.10   7103.10.20   8486.10.00
0802.41.00     2101.20.20   2817.00.00   3003.39.50   7103.10.40   8486.20.00
0802.42.00     2106.90.48   2818.10.10   3003.41.00   7106.91.10   8486.30.00
0802.61.00     2202.99.30   2818.10.20   3003.42.00   7108.11.00   8486.40.00
0802.62.00     2202.99.35   2818.20.00   3003.49.00   7108.12.10   8486.90.00
                                         32
0802.70.10   2504.10.10   2818.30.00   3003.90.01   7108.12.50   8505.11.0070
0802.70.20   2504.10.50   2820.10.00   3004.10.10   7108.13.10   8517.13.00
0802.80.10   2504.90.00   2821.10.00   3004.10.50   7108.13.55   8517.62.00
0802.80.20   2507.00.00   2821.20.00   3004.20.00   7108.13.70   8523.51.00
0802.91.10   2510.10.00   2822.00.00   3004.31.00   7108.20.00   8524.11.10
0802.91.90   2510.20.00   2823.00.00   3004.32.00   7110.11.00   8524.11.90
0802.92.10   2511.10.10   2825.20.00   3004.39.00   7110.19.00   8524.12.00
0802.92.90   2511.10.50   2825.30.00   3004.41.00   7110.21.00   8524.19.00
0803.10.10   2519.10.00   2825.40.00   3004.42.00   7110.29.00   8524.91.10
0803.10.20   2519.90.10   2825.50.30   3004.49.00   7110.31.00   8524.91.90
0803.90.00   2519.90.20   2825.60.00   3004.50.10   7110.39.00   8524.92.00
0804.30.20   2524.90.00   2825.80.00   3004.50.20   7110.41.00   8524.99.00
0804.30.40   2525.10.00   2825.90.15   3004.50.30   7110.49.00   8528.52.00
0804.30.60   2529.21.00   2825.90.20   3004.50.40   7112.30.01   8537.10.9170
0804.40.00   2529.22.00   2825.90.30   3004.50.50   7112.92.01   8541.10.00
0804.50.40   2530.20.10   2825.90.90   3004.60.00   7115.90.05   8541.21.00
0804.50.60   2530.20.20   2826.12.00   3004.90.10   7115.90.30   8541.29.00
0804.50.80   2530.90.10   2826.30.00   3004.90.92   7118.90.00   8541.30.00
0805.10.00   2530.90.20   2826.90.90   3006.30.10   7201.10.00   8541.41.00
0805.50.30   2530.90.80   2827.31.00   3006.30.50   7201.20.00   8541.49.10
0805.50.40   2601.11.00   2827.39.25   3006.60.00   7201.50.30   8541.49.70
0807.20.00   2601.12.00   2827.39.45   3006.93.10   7201.50.60   8541.49.80
0808.40.20   2602.00.00   2827.39.60   3006.93.20   7202.11.10   8541.49.95
0808.40.40   2603.00.00   2827.39.90   3006.93.50   7202.11.50   8541.51.00
0810.50.00   2604.00.00   2827.41.00   3006.93.60   7202.19.10   8541.59.00
0810.60.00   2605.00.00   2827.49.50   3101.00.00   7202.19.50   8541.90.00
0810.90.27   2606.00.00   2827.59.51   3102.10.00   7202.30.00   8542.31.00
0810.90.46   2608.00.00   2827.60.10   3102.21.00   7202.41.00   8542.32.00
0811.90.10   2609.00.00   2827.60.51   3102.29.00   7202.49.10   8542.33.00
0811.90.25   2610.00.00   2833.21.00   3102.30.00   7202.49.50   8542.39.00
0811.90.30   2611.00.30   2833.24.00   3102.40.00   7202.50.00   8542.90.00
0811.90.40   2611.00.60   2833.25.00   3102.50.00   7202.60.00   9701.21.00
0811.90.50   2612.10.00   2833.27.00   3102.60.00   7202.80.00   9701.22.00
0811.90.52   2612.20.00   2833.29.10   3102.80.00   7202.91.00   9701.29.00
0812.90.40   2613.90.00   2833.29.45   3102.90.01   7202.93.40   9701.91.00
0901.11.00   2614.00.30   2833.29.51   3103.11.00   7202.93.80   9701.92.00
0901.12.00   2614.00.60   2834.21.00   3103.19.00   7202.99.20   9701.99.00
0901.21.00   2615.90.30   2834.29.20   3103.90.01   7203.10.00   9702.10.00
0901.22.00   2615.90.60   2834.29.51   3104.20.00   7203.90.00   9702.90.00
0901.90.10   2616.10.00   2836.60.00   3104.30.00   7204.21.00   9703.10.00
                                       33
 0901.90.20      2617.10.00     2836.91.00    3104.90.01    7204.30.00      9703.90.00
 0902.10.10      2620.30.00     2836.92.00    3105.10.00    7204.41.00      9704.00.00
 0902.10.90      2620.99.50     2836.99.10    3105.20.00    7314.19.01      9705.10.00
 0902.20.10      2701.11.00     2836.99.50    3105.30.00    7401.00.00      9705.21.00
 0902.20.90      2701.12.00     2839.19.00    3105.40.00    7402.00.00      9705.22.00
 0902.30.00      2701.19.00     2841.80.00    3105.51.00    7403.11.00      9705.29.00
 0902.40.00      2701.20.00     2841.90.20    3105.59.00    7403.12.00      9705.31.00
 0903.00.00      2702.10.00     2844.10.10    3105.60.00    7403.13.00      9705.39.00
 0904.11.00      2702.20.00     2844.10.20    3105.90.00    7403.19.00      9706.10.00
 0904.12.00      2703.00.00     2844.20.00    3204.17.20    7403.21.00      9706.90.00
 0904.21.20      2704.00.00     2844.30.20    3206.11.00    7403.22.00
 0904.21.40      2705.00.00     2844.30.50    3206.19.00    7403.29.01
 0904.21.60      2706.00.00     2846.10.00    3301.12.00    7404.00.30
 0904.21.80      2707.10.00     2846.90.20    3301.90.50    7404.00.60
 0904.22.20      2707.20.00     2846.90.40    3606.90.30    7405.00.10
 0904.22.40      2707.30.00     2846.90.80    3818.00.00    7405.00.60


(iii) As provided in heading 9903.05.04, the additional duty imposed by heading
9903.05.01 shall not apply to the following particular articles the product of Brazil:

(1) Etrogs (classifiable in subheading 0805.90.01);

(2) Tropical fruit, nesoi, frozen, whether or not previously steamed or boiled (classifiable
in subheading 0811.90.80);
(3) Date palm branches, Myrtus branches or other vegetable material, for religious
purposes only (classifiable in subheading 1404.90.90);
(4) Bread, pastry, cakes, biscuits and similar baked products nesoi, and puddings,
whether or not containing chocolate, fruit, nuts or confectionery, for religious purposes
only (classifiable in subheading 1905.90.10);
(5) Bakers’ wares, communion wafers, sealing wafers, rice paper and similar products,
nesoi, for religious purposes only (classifiable in subheading 1905.90.90);
(6) Acai (classifiable in subheading 2008.99.21);
(7) Citrus juice of any single citrus fruit (other than orange, grapefruit or lime), of a Brix
value not exceeding 20, concentrated, unfermented, except for lemon juice (classifiable in
subheading 2009.31.60);
(8) Coconut water or juice of acai (classifiable in subheading 2009.89.70);


                                             34
(9) Coconut water juice blends, not from concentrate, packaged for retail sale
(classifiable in subheading 2009.90.40);
(10) Acai preparations for the manufacture of beverages (classifiable in subheading
2106.90.99); and
(11) Essential oils other than those of citrus fruit, nesoi, for religious purposes only
(classifiable in subheading 3301.29.51).

(iv) As provided in heading 9903.05.05, the additional duty imposed by heading
9903.05.01 shall not apply to articles the product of Brazil that are civil aircraft (all
aircraft other than military aircraft); their engines, parts and components; their other
parts, components and subassemblies; and ground flight simulators and their parts and
components, that otherwise meet the criteria of general note 6 of the HTSUS and are
classifiable in the following provisions of the HTSUS, but regardless of whether a
product is entered under a provision for which the rate of duty “Free (C)” appears in the
“Special” sub-column:
 3917.21.00    7608.10.00    8421.29.00     8502.39.00    8529.90.55    9025.80.50
 3917.22.00    7608.20.00    8421.31.00     8502.40.00    8529.90.63    9025.90.06
 3917.23.00    8302.10.60    8421.32.00     8504.10.00    8529.90.68    9026.10.20
 3917.29.00    8302.10.90    8421.39.01     8504.31.20    8529.90.73    9026.10.40
 3917.31.00    8302.20.00    8424.10.00     8504.31.40    8529.90.77    9026.10.60
 3917.33.00    8302.42.30    8425.11.00     8504.31.60    8529.90.78    9026.20.40
 3917.39.00    8302.42.60    8425.19.00     8504.32.00    8529.90.81    9026.20.80
 3917.40.00    8302.49.40    8425.31.01     8504.33.00    8529.90.83    9026.80.20
 3926.90.45    8302.49.60    8425.39.01     8504.40.40    8529.90.87    9026.80.40
 3926.90.94    8302.49.80    8425.42.00     8504.40.60    8529.90.88    9026.80.60
 3926.90.96    8302.60.30    8425.49.00     8504.40.70    8529.90.89    9026.90.20
 3926.90.99    8307.10.30    8426.99.00     8504.40.85    8529.90.93    9026.90.40
 4008.29.20    8307.90.30    8428.10.00     8504.40.95    8529.90.95    9026.90.60
 4009.12.00    8407.10.00    8428.20.00     8504.50.40    8529.90.97    9029.10.80
 4009.22.00    8408.90.90    8428.33.00     8504.50.80    8529.90.98    9029.20.40
 4009.32.00    8409.10.00    8428.39.00     8507.10.00    8531.10.00    9029.90.80
 4009.42.00    8411.11.40    8428.90.03     8507.20.80    8531.20.00    9030.10.00
 4011.30.00    8411.11.80    8443.31.00     8507.30.80    8531.80.15    9030.20.05
 4012.13.00    8411.12.40    8443.32.10     8507.50.00    8531.80.90    9030.20.10
 4012.20.10    8411.12.80    8443.32.50     8507.60.00    8536.70.00    9030.31.00
 4016.10.00    8411.21.40    8479.89.10     8507.80.82    8539.10.00    9030.32.00
 4016.93.50    8411.21.80    8479.89.20     8507.90.40    8539.51.00    9030.33.34
 4016.99.35    8411.22.40    8479.89.65     8507.90.80    8543.70.42    9030.33.38
 4016.99.60    8411.22.80    8479.89.70     8511.10.00    8543.70.45    9030.39.01
 4017.00.00    8411.81.40    8479.89.95     8511.20.00    8543.70.60    9030.40.00
 4504.90.00    8411.82.40    8479.90.41     8511.30.00    8543.70.80    9030.84.00
 4823.90.10    8411.91.10    8479.90.45     8511.40.00    8543.70.91    9030.89.01
                                              35
4823.90.20   8411.91.90   8479.90.55   8511.50.00   8543.70.95   9030.90.25
4823.90.31   8411.99.10   8479.90.65   8511.80.20   8543.90.12   9030.90.46
4823.90.40   8411.99.90   8479.90.75   8511.80.40   8543.90.15   9030.90.66
4823.90.50   8412.10.00   8479.90.85   8511.80.60   8543.90.35   9030.90.68
4823.90.60   8412.21.00   8479.90.95   8514.20.40   8543.90.65   9030.90.84
4823.90.67   8412.29.40   8483.10.10   8516.80.40   8543.90.68   9030.90.89
4823.90.70   8412.29.80   8483.10.30   8516.80.80   8543.90.85   9031.80.40
4823.90.80   8412.31.00   8483.10.50   8517.14.00   8543.90.88   9031.80.80
4823.90.86   8412.39.00   8483.30.40   8517.61.00   8544.30.00   9031.90.21
6812.80.90   8412.80.10   8483.30.80   8517.69.00   8801.00.00   9031.90.45
6812.99.10   8412.80.90   8483.40.10   8517.71.00   8802.11.01   9031.90.54
6812.99.20   8412.90.90   8483.40.30   8518.10.40   8802.12.01   9031.90.59
6812.99.90   8413.19.00   8483.40.50   8518.10.80   8802.20.01   9031.90.70
6813.20.00   8413.20.00   8483.40.70   8518.21.00   8802.30.01   9031.90.91
6813.81.00   8413.30.10   8483.40.80   8518.22.00   8802.40.01   9032.10.00
6813.89.00   8413.30.90   8483.40.90   8518.29.40   8805.29.00   9032.20.00
7007.21.11   8413.50.00   8483.50.40   8518.29.80   8806.10.00   9032.81.00
7304.31.30   8413.60.00   8483.50.60   8518.30.10   8806.21.00   9032.89.20
7304.31.60   8413.70.10   8483.50.90   8518.30.20   8806.22.00   9032.89.40
7304.39.00   8413.70.20   8483.60.40   8518.40.10   8806.23.00   9032.89.60
7304.41.30   8413.81.00   8483.60.80   8518.40.20   8806.24.00   9032.90.21
7304.41.60   8413.91.10   8483.90.10   8518.50.00   8806.29.00   9032.90.41
7304.49.00   8413.91.20   8483.90.20   8519.81.10   8806.91.00   9032.90.61
7304.51.10   8413.91.90   8483.90.30   8519.81.20   8806.92.00   9033.00.90
7304.51.50   8414.10.00   8483.90.50   8519.81.25   8806.93.00   9104.00.05
7304.59.10   8414.20.00   8483.90.80   8519.81.30   8806.94.00   9104.00.10
7304.59.20   8414.30.40   8484.10.00   8519.81.41   8806.99.00   9104.00.20
7304.59.60   8414.30.80   8484.90.00   8519.89.10   8807.10.00   9104.00.25
7304.59.80   8414.51.30   8501.20.50   8519.89.20   8807.20.00   9104.00.30
7304.90.10   8414.51.90   8501.20.60   8519.89.30   8807.30.00   9104.00.40
7304.90.30   8414.59.30   8501.31.50   8521.10.30   8807.90.90   9104.00.45
7304.90.50   8414.59.65   8501.31.60   8521.10.60   9001.90.40   9104.00.50
7304.90.70   8414.80.05   8501.31.81   8521.10.90   9001.90.50   9104.00.60
7306.30.10   8414.80.16   8501.32.20   8522.90.25   9001.90.60   9109.10.50
7306.30.30   8414.80.20   8501.32.55   8522.90.36   9001.90.80   9109.10.60
7306.30.50   8414.80.90   8501.32.61   8522.90.45   9001.90.90   9109.90.20
7306.40.10   8414.90.10   8501.33.20   8522.90.58   9002.90.20   9401.10.40
7306.40.50   8414.90.30   8501.33.30   8522.90.65   9002.90.40   9401.10.80
7306.50.10   8414.90.41   8501.33.61   8522.90.80   9002.90.70   9403.20.00
7306.50.30   8414.90.91   8501.34.61   8526.10.00   9002.90.85   9403.70.40
7306.50.50   8415.10.60   8501.40.50   8526.91.00   9002.90.95   9403.70.80
7306.61.10   8415.10.90   8501.40.60   8526.92.10   9014.10.10   9405.11.40
7306.61.30   8415.81.01   8501.51.50   8526.92.50   9014.10.60   9405.11.60
7306.61.50   8415.82.01   8501.51.60   8528.42.00   9014.10.70   9405.11.80
                                        36
 7306.61.70   8415.83.00    8501.52.40    8528.62.00   9014.10.90    9405.19.40
 7306.69.10   8415.90.40    8501.52.80    8529.10.21   9014.20.20    9405.19.60
 7306.69.30   8415.90.80    8501.53.40    8529.10.40   9014.20.40    9405.19.80
 7306.69.50   8418.10.00    8501.53.60    8529.10.91   9014.20.60    9405.61.20
 7306.69.70   8418.30.00    8501.61.01    8529.90.04   9014.20.80    9405.61.40
 7312.10.05   8418.40.00    8501.62.01    8529.90.05   9014.90.10    9405.61.60
 7312.10.10   8418.61.01    8501.63.01    8529.90.06   9014.90.20    9405.69.20
 7312.10.20   8418.69.01    8501.71.00    8529.90.09   9014.90.40    9405.69.40
 7312.10.30   8419.50.10    8501.72.10    8529.90.13   9014.90.60    9405.69.60
 7312.10.50   8419.50.50    8501.72.20    8529.90.16   9020.00.40    9405.92.00
 7312.10.60   8419.81.50    8501.72.30    8529.90.19   9020.00.60    9405.99.20
 7312.10.70   8419.81.90    8501.72.90    8529.90.21   9025.11.20    9405.99.40
 7312.10.80   8419.90.10    8501.80.10    8529.90.24   9025.11.40    9620.00.50
 7312.10.90   8419.90.20    8501.80.20    8529.90.29   9025.19.40    9620.00.60
 7312.90.00   8419.90.30    8501.80.30    8529.90.33   9025.19.80    9802.00.40
 7322.90.00   8419.90.50    8502.11.00    8529.90.36   9025.80.10    9802.00.50
 7324.10.00   8419.90.85    8502.12.00    8529.90.39   9025.80.15    9802.00.60
 7324.90.00   8421.19.00    8502.13.00    8529.90.43   9025.80.20    9802.00.80
 7326.20.00   8421.21.00    8502.20.00    8529.90.46   9025.80.35    9818.00.05
 7413.00.90   8421.23.00    8502.31.00    8529.90.49   9025.80.40    9818.00.07


(v) As provided in heading 9903.05.06, the additional duty imposed by heading
9903.05.01 shall not apply to articles the product of Brazil for use in pharmaceutical
applications, and that are classifiable in the following provisions of the HTSUS, but
regardless of whether a product is entered under a provision for which the rate of duty
“Free (K)” appears in the “Special” sub-column:

 2804.10.00   2907.19.10    2918.22.50    2923.10.00   2933.29.10    2934.99.30
 2804.30.00   2907.19.20    2918.23.10    2923.20.10   2933.29.20    2934.99.39
 2806.10.00   2907.19.40    2918.23.30    2923.20.20   2933.29.35    2934.99.44
 2807.00.00   2907.19.80    2918.23.50    2923.30.00   2933.29.43    2934.99.47
 2809.20.00   2907.29.90    2918.29.20    2923.40.00   2933.29.45    2934.99.70
 2811.12.00   2908.19.10    2918.29.22    2923.90.01   2933.29.60    2934.99.90
 2811.22.50   2908.19.35    2918.29.65    2924.11.00   2933.29.90    2935.50.00
 2812.12.00   2908.19.60    2918.29.75    2924.12.00   2933.31.00    2935.90.06
 2814.10.00   2908.99.12    2918.30.10    2924.19.11   2933.33.01    2935.90.10
 2814.20.00   2908.99.15    2918.30.15    2924.19.80   2933.34.00    2935.90.13
 2815.11.00   2908.99.25    2918.30.25    2924.21.16   2933.35.00    2935.90.15
 2815.12.00   2909.11.00    2918.30.30    2924.21.20   2933.36.00    2935.90.20
 2815.30.00   2909.19.18    2918.30.70    2924.21.45   2933.37.00    2935.90.29
 2825.10.00   2909.19.60    2918.30.90    2924.21.50   2933.39.08    2935.90.30
 2827.39.65   2909.20.00    2918.99.05    2924.23.70   2933.39.10    2935.90.32
                                            37
2827.60.20   2909.30.40   2918.99.30   2924.23.75   2933.39.20   2935.90.33
2832.10.00   2909.30.60   2918.99.43   2924.24.00   2933.39.21   2935.90.42
2832.30.10   2909.49.05   2918.99.47   2924.25.00   2933.39.23   2935.90.48
2833.11.50   2909.49.10   2918.99.50   2924.29.01   2933.39.25   2935.90.60
2833.19.00   2909.49.15   2919.10.00   2924.29.03   2933.39.27   2935.90.75
2833.22.00   2909.49.20   2919.90.30   2924.29.05   2933.39.31   2935.90.95
2834.10.10   2909.49.60   2919.90.50   2924.29.10   2933.39.41   2938.10.00
2835.22.00   2909.50.20   2920.19.40   2924.29.23   2933.39.61   2938.90.00
2835.24.00   2909.50.40   2920.19.50   2924.29.26   2933.39.92   2939.43.00
2836.20.00   2909.50.45   2920.21.00   2924.29.28   2933.41.00   2939.51.00
2836.30.00   2909.50.50   2920.22.00   2924.29.33   2933.49.08   2939.61.00
2836.40.20   2910.10.00   2920.23.00   2924.29.57   2933.49.10   2939.80.00
2837.20.51   2910.30.00   2920.24.00   2924.29.62   2933.49.15   2940.00.60
2841.90.40   2910.40.00   2920.29.00   2924.29.65   2933.49.17   2942.00.03
2842.10.00   2910.50.00   2920.30.00   2924.29.71   2933.49.20   2942.00.05
2842.90.90   2910.90.10   2920.90.20   2924.29.77   2933.49.26   2942.00.10
2843.29.01   2910.90.20   2920.90.51   2924.29.80   2933.49.30   2942.00.35
2843.30.00   2910.90.91   2921.11.00   2924.29.95   2933.49.60   2942.00.50
2843.90.00   2911.00.10   2921.14.00   2925.12.00   2933.49.70   3003.31.00
2844.41.00   2911.00.50   2921.19.11   2925.19.42   2933.52.10   3003.43.00
2844.42.00   2912.19.50   2921.19.61   2925.19.91   2933.52.90   3003.60.00
2844.43.00   2912.29.60   2921.29.00   2925.21.00   2933.53.00   3004.43.00
2844.44.00   2912.49.26   2921.30.10   2925.29.10   2933.54.00   3006.70.00
2845.20.00   2912.60.00   2921.30.30   2925.29.18   2933.55.00   3006.92.00
2845.30.00   2914.11.10   2921.30.50   2925.29.20   2933.59.10   3006.93.80
2845.90.01   2914.19.00   2921.41.10   2925.29.60   2933.59.15   3203.00.80
2847.00.00   2914.29.30   2921.41.20   2925.29.70   2933.59.18   3204.13.60
2850.00.50   2914.29.50   2921.42.65   2925.29.90   2933.59.21   3204.13.80
2853.10.00   2914.39.90   2921.42.90   2926.30.10   2933.59.22   3204.18.00
2853.90.50   2914.40.40   2921.43.40   2926.40.00   2933.59.36   3204.90.00
2901.10.40   2914.40.90   2921.45.60   2926.90.14   2933.59.46   3401.30.10
2902.19.00   2914.50.10   2921.45.90   2926.90.43   2933.59.53   3402.42.10
2902.90.30   2914.50.30   2921.46.00   2926.90.48   2933.59.59   3402.42.20
2903.12.00   2914.50.50   2921.49.38   2926.90.50   2933.59.70   3402.42.90
2903.13.00   2914.62.00   2921.49.43   2927.00.40   2933.59.80   3402.50.11
2903.22.00   2914.69.21   2921.49.45   2927.00.50   2933.59.85   3507.90.70
2903.41.10   2914.69.90   2921.49.50   2928.00.10   2933.59.95   3802.10.00
2903.42.10   2914.71.00   2921.59.40   2928.00.15   2933.69.50   3808.59.40
2903.43.10   2914.79.10   2921.59.80   2928.00.25   2933.69.60   3808.59.50
2903.44.10   2914.79.40   2922.11.00   2928.00.30   2933.72.00   3808.61.50
                                        38
2903.45.10   2914.79.60   2922.12.00   2928.00.50   2933.79.04   3808.94.10
2903.46.10   2914.79.90   2922.14.00   2929.90.05   2933.79.08   3808.94.50
2903.47.10   2915.21.00   2922.15.00   2929.90.15   2933.79.15   3812.31.00
2903.48.00   2915.24.00   2922.16.00   2929.90.20   2933.79.20   3815.11.00
2903.49.00   2915.29.50   2922.17.00   2929.90.50   2933.79.30   3815.12.00
2903.51.10   2915.32.00   2922.18.00   2930.10.01   2933.79.40   3815.90.50
2903.59.10   2915.36.00   2922.19.09   2930.20.20   2933.79.85   3824.81.00
2903.59.90   2915.39.10   2922.19.20   2930.20.90   2933.91.00   3824.82.10
2903.69.10   2915.39.31   2922.19.33   2930.30.60   2933.99.01   3824.82.90
2903.69.90   2915.39.35   2922.19.60   2930.40.00   2933.99.02   3824.83.00
2903.71.01   2915.39.40   2922.19.70   2930.60.00   2933.99.05   3824.84.00
2903.77.00   2915.39.45   2922.19.90   2930.70.00   2933.99.06   3824.85.00
2903.78.00   2915.39.47   2922.19.96   2930.90.29   2933.99.08   3824.86.00
2903.79.90   2915.39.70   2922.21.10   2930.90.49   2933.99.11   3824.87.00
2903.81.00   2915.39.90   2922.21.25   2930.90.92   2933.99.12   3824.88.00
2903.89.15   2915.40.10   2922.21.40   2931.41.00   2933.99.14   3824.89.00
2903.89.20   2915.40.20   2922.21.50   2931.42.00   2933.99.16   3824.91.00
2903.89.70   2915.40.30   2922.29.03   2931.43.00   2933.99.17   3824.92.00
2903.92.00   2915.40.50   2922.29.06   2931.44.00   2933.99.22   3824.99.25
2903.93.00   2915.50.20   2922.29.08   2931.45.00   2933.99.24   3824.99.29
2903.94.00   2915.90.10   2922.29.10   2931.46.00   2933.99.26   3824.99.49
2903.99.20   2915.90.14   2922.29.13   2931.47.00   2933.99.42   3824.99.50
2903.99.80   2915.90.18   2922.29.15   2931.48.00   2933.99.46   3824.99.55
2904.10.32   2915.90.20   2922.29.20   2931.49.00   2933.99.51   3824.99.93
2904.10.50   2915.90.50   2922.29.26   2931.51.00   2933.99.53   3826.00.30
2904.20.10   2916.16.00   2922.29.27   2931.52.00   2933.99.55   3827.13.00
2904.20.15   2916.19.30   2922.29.29   2931.53.00   2933.99.58   3827.14.00
2904.20.20   2916.19.50   2922.29.61   2931.54.00   2933.99.61   3827.40.00
2904.20.30   2916.20.50   2922.29.81   2931.59.00   2933.99.65   3901.90.90
2904.20.35   2916.31.30   2922.31.00   2931.90.22   2933.99.70   3902.90.00
2904.20.40   2916.31.50   2922.39.05   2931.90.30   2933.99.75   3904.61.00
2904.20.45   2916.39.15   2922.39.10   2931.90.60   2933.99.79   3905.91.10
2904.20.50   2916.39.17   2922.39.14   2931.90.90   2933.99.82   3905.91.50
2904.99.04   2916.39.46   2922.39.17   2932.11.00   2933.99.85   3905.99.80
2904.99.08   2916.39.79   2922.39.25   2932.14.00   2933.99.89   3906.90.50
2904.99.15   2917.13.00   2922.39.45   2932.19.10   2933.99.90   3907.10.00
2904.99.20   2917.19.10   2922.39.50   2932.19.51   2933.99.97   3907.21.00
2904.99.30   2917.19.15   2922.41.00   2932.20.05   2934.10.10   3907.29.00
2904.99.35   2917.19.17   2922.42.10   2932.20.20   2934.10.20   3907.30.00
2904.99.40   2917.19.20   2922.42.50   2932.20.25   2934.10.70   3907.61.00
                                        39
 2904.99.47    2917.19.23    2922.43.10    2932.20.30    2934.10.90     3907.69.00
 2904.99.50    2917.19.27    2922.43.50    2932.20.45    2934.20.40     3907.70.00
 2905.11.20    2917.19.30    2922.44.00    2932.20.50    2934.20.80     3907.99.50
 2905.12.00    2917.19.35    2922.49.05    2932.95.00    2934.30.18     3908.10.00
 2905.13.00    2917.19.40    2922.49.10    2932.99.04    2934.30.23     3908.90.20
 2905.19.10    2917.19.70    2922.49.26    2932.99.08    2934.30.27     3909.10.00
 2905.19.90    2917.20.00    2922.49.30    2932.99.21    2934.30.43     3909.40.00
 2905.22.10    2917.34.01    2922.49.37    2932.99.32    2934.30.50     3910.00.00
 2905.22.20    2917.37.00    2922.49.43    2932.99.35    2934.91.00     3911.20.00
 2905.22.50    2917.39.30    2922.49.49    2932.99.39    2934.92.00     3911.90.25
 2905.29.90    2918.11.51    2922.49.60    2932.99.55    2934.99.01     3911.90.45
 2905.31.00    2918.12.00    2922.49.80    2932.99.61    2934.99.03     3911.90.91
 2905.32.00    2918.13.50    2922.50.07    2932.99.70    2934.99.05     3912.20.00
 2905.39.90    2918.14.00    2922.50.10    2932.99.90    2934.99.06     3912.31.00
 2905.49.20    2918.16.50    2922.50.11    2933.11.00    2934.99.07     3912.39.00
 2905.49.50    2918.18.00    2922.50.13    2933.19.08    2934.99.08     3912.90.00
 2905.51.00    2918.19.15    2922.50.14    2933.19.35    2934.99.09     3913.90.20
 2905.59.10    2918.19.20    2922.50.17    2933.19.37    2934.99.11     3913.90.50
 2905.59.90    2918.19.31    2922.50.19    2933.19.43    2934.99.12     3914.00.20
 2906.11.00    2918.19.60    2922.50.25    2933.19.45    2934.99.15     3914.00.60
 2906.19.50    2918.19.90    2922.50.35    2933.19.90    2934.99.16
 2906.29.60    2918.21.10    2922.50.40    2933.21.00    2934.99.18
 2907.11.00    2918.22.10    2922.50.50    2933.29.05    2934.99.20



(vi) As provided in heading 9903.05.07, the additional duty imposed by heading
9903.05.01 shall not apply to:

(1) articles of aluminum, of steel or of copper, nor to derivative aluminum or steel articles
provided for in headings 9903.82.02 and 9903.82.04–9903.82.26;

(2) passenger vehicles (sedans, sport utility vehicles, crossover utility vehicles, minivans
and cargo vans) and light trucks provided for in headings 9903.94.01, 9903.94.02 (as
applied to the U.S. content of passenger vehicles and light trucks described in subdivision
33(d) of this subchapter upon approval from the Secretary of Commerce), 9903.94.03,
9903.94.31, 9903.94.40, 9903.94.41, 9903.94.50, 9903.94.51, 9903.94.60 and
9903.94.61;

(3) parts of passenger vehicles (sedans, sport utility vehicles, crossover utility vehicles,
minivans and cargo vans) and parts of light trucks provided for in headings 9903.94.05,
9903.94.06 (as applied to parts of passenger vehicles that are eligible for special tariff
                                             40
treatment under the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA) other than
automobile knock-down kits or parts compilations), 9903.94.07, 9903.94.32, 9903.94.33,
9903.94.42, 9903.94.43, 9903.94.44, 9903.94.45, 9903.94.52, 9903.94.53, 9903.94.54,
9903.94.55, 9903.94.62, 9903.94.63, 9903.94.64, 9903.94.65, 9903.94.66, 9903.94.67,
9903.94.68 and 9903.94.69, and parts of passenger vehicles (sedans, sport utility
vehicles, crossover utility vehicles, minivans and cargo vans) and parts of light trucks
subject to an import adjustment offset pursuant to Proclamation 10925 of April 29, 2025
(90 FR 18899), as amended;

(4) wood products provided for in headings 9903.76.01, 9903.76.02, 9903.76.03,
9903.76.20, 9903.76.21, 9903.76.22, 9903.76.23 and 9903.76.24;

(5) medium- and heavy-duty vehicles, buses and other vehicles provided for in headings
9903.74.01, 9903.74.02, 9903.74.03 and 9903.74.06;

(6) medium- and heavy-duty vehicle parts provided for in headings 9903.74.08,
9903.74.09 and 9903.74.10, and parts of medium- and heavy-duty vehicles subject to an
import adjustment offset pursuant to Proclamation 10984 of October 17, 2025 (90 FR
48451); and

(7) semiconductor articles provided for in heading 9903.79.01.”


   B. Effective with respect to goods entered for consumption, or withdrawn from
      warehouse for consumption, on or after 12:01 a.m. eastern time on July 31, 2026,
      subchapter III of chapter 99 of the HTSUS is modified as follows:


   1. The article description of heading 9903.05.07 is modified by inserting “patented
      pharmaceutical articles;” after “wood products;”; and

   2. Subdivision (a)(vi) of U.S. note 50 is modified:
         a. by deleting the word “and” at the end of item (6);
         b. by deleting the period at the end of item (7) and by inserting “; and” in lieu
             thereof; and
         c. by inserting the following new item (8) in numerical order:

              “(8) patented pharmaceutical articles provided for in headings
              9903.04.60–9903.04.66.”




                                           41
                                       ANNEX II
Note: All products that are properly classified in the provisions of the Harmonized Tariff
Schedule of the United States (HTSUS) that are listed in this Annex are not covered by
the action, except as provided in the “Scope Limitation” column. The product
descriptions that are contained in this Annex are provided for informational purposes
only, and are not intended to delimit in any way the scope of the action. In the product
descriptions, the abbreviation “nesoi” means “not elsewhere specified or included.” Any
questions regarding the scope of particular HTSUS provisions should be referred to U.S.
Customs and Border Protection.
Notes on certain HTSUS provisions for which only a portion of the provision is covered
in this Annex, as provided in the “Scope Limitations” column:
   •   A subheading marked with “Ex” is defined and limited by the product
       description.
   •   A subheading marked with “Aircraft” includes only articles of civil aircraft (all
       aircraft other than military aircraft); their engines, parts, and components; their
       other parts, components, and subassemblies; and ground flight simulators and
       their parts and components, that otherwise meet the criteria of general note 6 of
       the HTSUS, regardless of whether a product is entered under a provision for
       which the rate of duty “Free (C)” appears in the “Special” sub-column.
   •   A subheading marked with “Pharma” includes only articles for use in
       pharmaceutical applications, regardless of whether a product is entered under a
       provision for which the rate of duty “Free (K)” appears in the “Special” sub-
       column.


                                                                                     Scope
 HTSUS             Description                                                       Limitations
                   Bovine carcasses and halves, fresh or chilled, described in
 0201.10.05        general note 15 of the HTSUS
                   Bovine carcasses and halves, fresh or chilled, described in
 0201.10.10        additional U.S. note 3 to chapter 2 of the HTSUS
                   Bovine carcasses and halves, fresh or chilled, other than
                   described in general note 15 or additional U.S. note 3 to
 0201.10.50        chapter 2 of the HTSUS
                   High-quality beef cuts, with bone in, processed, fresh or
 0201.20.02        chilled, described in general note 15 of the HTSUS
                   Bovine meat cuts (except high-quality beef cuts), with bone
                   in, processed, fresh or chilled, described in general note 15
 0201.20.04        of the HTSUS

                                            42
                                                                                Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                        Limitations
             Bovine meat cuts, with bone in, not processed, fresh or
0201.20.06   chilled, described in general note 15 of the HTSUS
             High-quality beef cuts, with bone in, processed, fresh or
             chilled, described in additional U.S. note 3 to chapter 2 of the
0201.20.10   HTSUS
             Bovine meat cuts (except high-quality beef cuts), with bone
             in, processed, fresh or chilled, described in additional U.S.
0201.20.30   note 3 to chapter 2 of the HTSUS
             Bovine meat cuts, with bone in, not processed, fresh or
             chilled, described in additional U.S. note 3 to chapter 2 of the
0201.20.50   HTSUS
             Bovine meat cuts, with bone in, fresh or chilled, not
             described in general note 15 or additional U.S. note 3 to
0201.20.80   chapter 2 of the HTSUS
             High-quality beef cuts, boneless, processed, fresh or chilled,
0201.30.02   described in general note 15 of the HTSUS
             Bovine meat cuts (except high-quality beef cuts), boneless,
             processed, fresh or chilled, described in general note 15 of
0201.30.04   the HTSUS
             Bovine meat cuts, boneless, not processed, fresh or chilled,
0201.30.06   described in general note 15 of the HTSUS
             High-quality beef cuts, boneless, processed, fresh or chilled,
             described in additional U.S. note 3 to chapter 2 of the
0201.30.10   HTSUS
             Bovine meat cuts (except high-quality beef cuts), boneless,
             processed, fresh or chilled, described in additional U.S. note
0201.30.30   3 to chapter 2 of the HTSUS
             Bovine meat cuts, boneless, not processed, fresh or chilled,
             described in additional U.S. note 3 to chapter 2 of the
0201.30.50   HTSUS
             Bovine meat cuts, boneless, fresh or chilled, not described in
             general note 15 or additional U.S. note 3 to chapter 2 of the
0201.30.80   HTSUS
             Bovine carcasses and halves, frozen, described in general
0202.10.05   note 15 of the HTSUS
             Bovine carcasses and halves, frozen, described in additional
0202.10.10   U.S. note 3 to chapter 2 of the HTSUS
             Bovine carcasses and halves, frozen, other than described in
             general note 15 or additional U.S. note 3 to chapter 2 of the
0202.10.50   HTSUS
             High-quality beef cuts, with bone in, processed, frozen,
0202.20.02   described in general note 15 of the HTSUS

                                      43
                                                                             Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                     Limitations
             Bovine meat cuts (except high-quality beef cuts), with bone
             in, processed, frozen, described in general note 15 of the
0202.20.04   HTSUS
             Bovine meat cuts, with bone in, not processed, frozen,
0202.20.06   described in general note 15 of the HTSUS
             High-quality beef cuts, with bone in, processed, frozen,
             described in additional U.S. note 3 to chapter 2 of the
0202.20.10   HTSUS
             Bovine meat cuts (except high-quality beef cuts), with bone
             in, processed, frozen, described in additional U.S. note 3 to
0202.20.30   chapter 2 of the HTSUS
             Bovine meat cuts, with bone in, not processed, frozen,
             described in additional U.S. note 3 to chapter 2 of the
0202.20.50   HTSUS
             Bovine meat cuts, with bone in, frozen, not described in
             general note 15 or additional U.S. note 3 to chapter 2 of the
0202.20.80   HTSUS
             High-quality beef cuts, boneless, processed, frozen,
0202.30.02   described in general note 15 of the HTSUS
             Bovine meat cuts (except high-quality beef cuts), boneless,
             processed, frozen, described in general note 15 of the
0202.30.04   HTSUS
             Bovine meat cuts, boneless, not processed, frozen, described
0202.30.06   in general note 15 of the HTSUS
             High-quality beef cuts, boneless, processed, frozen,
             described in additional U.S. note 3 to chapter 2 of the
0202.30.10   HTSUS
             Bovine meat cuts (except high-quality beef cuts), boneless,
             processed, frozen, described in additional U.S. note 3 to
0202.30.30   chapter 2 of the HTSUS
             Bovine meat cuts, boneless, not processed, frozen, described
0202.30.50   in additional U.S. note 3 to chapter 2 of the HTSUS
             Bovine meat cuts, boneless, frozen, not described in general
0202.30.80   note 15 or additional U.S. note 3 to chapter 2 of the HTSUS
0206.10.00   Edible offal of bovine animals, fresh or chilled
0206.21.00   Tongues of bovine animals, frozen
0206.22.00   Livers of bovine animals, frozen
             Edible offal of bovine animals, except tongues or livers,
0206.29.00   frozen
0210.20.00   Meat of bovine animals, salted, in brine, dried or smoked
             Yellowfin tunas, fresh or chilled, excluding fillets, other
0302.32.00   meat portions, livers and roes

                                      44
                                                                                     Scope
HTSUS          Description                                                           Limitations
               Bigeye tunas (Thunnas obesus), fresh or chilled, excluding
0302.34.00     fillets, other meat portions, livers and roes
0302.44.00     Mackerel, excl. fillets, livers & roes, fresh or chilled
0302.47.00     Swordfish, fresh or chilled, excluding livers and roes
               Tilapias, excl. fillets, livers and roes, fresh or chilled, scaled,
0302.71.11     in immediate containers weighing with their contents <6.8 kg
               Tilapias, excl. fillets, livers & roes, fresh or chilled, not
0302.71.50     scaled, or scaled in immediate containers over 6.8 kg
               Fish, nesoi, excl. fillets, livers & roes, fresh or chilled, not
0302.89.50     scaled, or scaled in immediate containers over 6.8 kg
               Tilapias, frozen, excluding fillets, other meat portions, livers
0303.23.00     and roes
               Smelts, cusk, pollock, shad, sturgeon, atkafish, fresh-water
               fish,etc. frozen, excluding fillets, other meat portions, livers
0303.89.00     and roes
0304.31.00     Tilapias, fillets, fresh or chilled
               Rock lobster and other sea crawfish, cooked in shell or
0306.11.00     uncooked, dried, salted or in brine, frozen
0409.00.0005   Certified organic natural honey
               Coral, shells, cuttlebone and similar materials, unworked or
               simply prepared but not cut to shape; powder and waste
0508.00.00     thereof
               Tomatoes, fresh or chilled, if entered during the period from
               March 1 to July 14, or the period from September 1 to
0702.00.20     November 14 in any year
               Tomatoes, fresh or chilled, if entered during the period from
0702.00.40     July 15 to August 31 in any year
               Tomatoes, fresh or chilled, if entered during the period from
               November 15, in any year, to the last day of February of the
0702.00.60     following year
0709.99.05     Jicamas and breadfruit, fresh or chilled
0709.99.10     Chayote (Sechium edule), fresh or chilled
               Bamboo shoots and water chestnuts (other than Chinese
               water chestnuts), uncooked or cooked by steaming or boiling
0710.80.15     in water, frozen
               Capers, provisionally preserved but unsuitable in that state
0711.90.30     for immediate consumption
               Dried wood ears (Auricularia spp.), whole, cut, sliced,
0712.32.00     broken or in powder, but not further prepared
0712.34.10     Air dried or sun dried shiitake
0712.34.20     Dried (other than air dried or sun dried) shiitake

                                          45
                                                                              Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                      Limitations
             Dried Bambara beans, shelled, if entered for consumption
             during the period from May 1 through August 31, inclusive,
0713.34.20   in any year
             Dried Bambara beans, shelled, if entered for consumption
0713.34.40   outside the above period, or if withdrawn for consumption
             Cassava (manioc), frozen, whether or not sliced or in the
0714.10.10   form of pellets
             Cassava (manioc), fresh, chilled or dried, whether or not
0714.10.20   sliced or in the form of pellets
             Taro (Colocasia spp.), fresh or chilled, whether or not sliced
0714.40.10   or in the form of pellets
0714.40.20   Taro (Colocasia spp.), frozen
0714.40.50   Taro (Colocasia spp.), dried, in the form of pellets
             Taro (Colocasia spp.), dried, whether or not sliced but not in
0714.40.60   pellets
             Yautia (Xanthosoma spp.), fresh or chilled, whether or not
0714.50.10   sliced or in the form of pellets
0714.50.20   Yautia (Xanthosoma spp.), frozen
             Yautia (Xanthosoma spp.), dried, whether or not sliced but
0714.50.60   not in pellets
0714.90.42   Other mixtures of Chinese water chestnuts, frozen
0714.90.44   Chinese water chestnuts, not mixed, frozen
             Frozen dasheens, arrowroot, salep, Jerusalem artichokes, and
0714.90.46   similar roots and tubers, nesoi
0714.90.48   Chinese water chestnuts, dried
             Dried dasheens, arrowroot, salep, Jerusalem artichokes, and
             similar roots and tubers nesoi, whether or not sliced but not
0714.90.61   in pellets
0801.11.00   Coconuts, desiccated
0801.12.00   Coconuts, fresh, in the inner shell (endocarp)
0801.19.01   Coconuts, fresh, not in the inner shell (endocarp)
0801.21.00   Brazil nuts, fresh or dried, in shell
0801.22.00   Brazil nuts, fresh or dried, shelled
0801.31.00   Cashew nuts, fresh or dried, in shell
0801.32.00   Cashew nuts, fresh or dried, shelled
0802.41.00   Chestnuts (Castanea spp.), fresh or dried, in shell
0802.42.00   Chestnuts (Castanea spp.), fresh or dried, shelled
0802.61.00   Macadamia nuts, in shell
0802.62.00   Macadamia nuts, shelled
0802.70.10   Kola nuts (Cola spp.), fresh or dried, in shell
0802.70.20   Kola nuts (Cola spp.), fresh or dried, shelled
                                       46
                                                                            Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                    Limitations
0802.80.10   Areca nuts, fresh or dried, in shell
0802.80.20   Areca nuts, fresh or dried, shelled
0802.91.10   Pignolia pine nuts, fresh or dried, in shell
0802.91.90   Pine nuts (other than Pignolia), fresh or dried, in shell
0802.92.10   Pignolia pine nuts, fresh or dried, shelled
0802.92.90   Pine nuts (other than Pignolia), fresh or dried, shelled
0803.10.10   Plantains, fresh
0803.10.20   Plantains, dried
0803.90.00   Bananas, fresh or dried
0804.30.20   Pineapples, fresh or dried, not reduced in size, in bulk
             Pineapples, fresh or dried, not reduced in size, in crates or
0804.30.40   other packages
0804.30.60   Pineapples, fresh or dried, reduced in size
0804.40.00   Avocados, fresh or dried
             Guavas, mangoes and mangosteens, fresh, if entered during
             the period September 1 through the following May 31,
0804.50.40   inclusive
             Guavas, mangoes and mangosteens, fresh, if entered during
0804.50.60   the period June 1 through August 31, inclusive
0804.50.80   Guavas, mangoes and mangosteens, dried
0805.10.00   Oranges, fresh or dried
             Tahitian limes, Persian limes and other limes of the Citrus
0805.50.30   latifolia variety, fresh or dried
0805.50.40   Limes of the Citrus aurantifolia variety, nesoi, fresh or dried
0805.90.01   Etrogs                                                          Ex
0807.20.00   Papayas (papaws), fresh
             Quinces, fresh, if entered during the period from April 1
0808.40.20   through June 30, inclusive
             Quinces, fresh, if entered during the period from July 1
0808.40.40   through the following March 31, inclusive
0810.50.00   Kiwifruit, fresh
0810.60.00   Durians, fresh
0810.90.27   Other berries and tamarinds, fresh
0810.90.46   Fruit, nesoi, fresh
             Bananas and plantains, frozen, in water or containing added
0811.90.10   sweetening
             Cashew apples, mameyes colorados, sapodillas, soursops and
0811.90.25   sweetsops, frozen, in water or containing added sweetening
             Coconut meat, frozen, in water or containing added
0811.90.30   sweetening

                                     47
                                                                             Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                     Limitations
0811.90.40   Papayas, frozen, in water or containing added sweetening
0811.90.50   Pineapples, frozen, in water or containing added sweetening
             Mangoes, frozen, whether or not previously steamed or
0811.90.52   boiled
             Tropical fruit, nesoi, frozen, whether or not previously
0811.90.80   steamed or boiled                                               Ex
             Pineapples, provisionally preserved, but unsuitable in that
0812.90.40   state for immediate consumption
0901.11.00   Coffee, not roasted, not decaffeinated
0901.12.00   Coffee, not roasted, decaffeinated
0901.21.00   Coffee, roasted, not decaffeinated
0901.22.00   Coffee, roasted, decaffeinated
0901.90.10   Coffee husks and skins
0901.90.20   Coffee substitutes containing coffee
             Green tea in immediate packings of a content not exceeding
0902.10.10   3 kg, flavored
             Green tea in immediate packings of a content not exceeding
0902.10.90   3 kg, not flavored
             Green tea in immediate packings of a content exceeding 3
0902.20.10   kg, flavored
             Green tea in immediate packings of a content exceeding 3
0902.20.90   kg, not flavored
             Black tea (fermented) and partly fermented tea, in immediate
0902.30.00   packings of a content not exceeding 3 kg
             Black tea (fermented) and partly fermented tea, other than in
0902.40.00   immediate packings of a content not exceeding 3 kg
0903.00.00   Maté
0904.11.00   Pepper of the genus Piper, neither crushed nor ground
0904.12.00   Pepper of the genus Piper, crushed or ground
0904.21.20   Paprika, dried, neither crushed nor ground
             Anaheim and ancho pepper, dried, neither crushed nor
0904.21.40   ground
             Fruits of the genus Capsicum, other than paprika or anaheim
0904.21.60   and ancho pepper, dried, neither crushed nor ground
0904.21.80   Fruits of the genus Pimenta (including allspice), dried
0904.22.20   Paprika, crushed or ground
0904.22.40   Anaheim and ancho pepper, crushed or ground
             Mixtures of mashed or macerated hot red peppers and salt,
0904.22.73   nesoi
0904.22.76   Fruits of the genus Capsicum, crushed or ground, nesoi

                                     48
                                                                               Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                       Limitations
             Fruits of the genus Pimenta (including allspice), crushed or
0904.22.80   ground
0905.10.00   Vanilla beans, neither crushed nor ground
0905.20.00   Vanilla beans, crushed or ground
             Cinnamon (Cinnamomum zeylanicum Blume), neither
0906.11.00   crushed nor ground
             Cinnamon and cinnamon-tree flowers, nesoi, neither crushed
0906.19.00   nor ground
0906.20.00   Cinnamon and cinnamon-tree flowers, crushed or ground
             Cloves (whole fruit, cloves and stems), neither crushed nor
0907.10.00   ground
0907.20.00   Cloves (whole fruit, cloves and stems), crushed or ground
0908.11.00   Nutmeg, neither crushed nor ground
0908.12.00   Nutmeg, crushed or ground
0908.21.00   Mace, neither crushed nor ground
0908.22.20   Mace, ground, Bombay or wild
             Mace, crushed or ground, other than ground Bombay or wild
0908.22.40   mace
0908.31.00   Cardamoms, neither crushed nor ground
0908.32.00   Cardamoms, crushed or ground
0909.21.00   Seeds of coriander, neither crushed nor ground
0909.22.00   Seeds of coriander, crushed or ground
0909.31.00   Seeds of cumin, neither crushed nor ground
0909.32.00   Seeds of cumin, crushed or ground
             Seeds of anise, badian, caraway or fennel; juniper berries;
0909.61.00   neither crushed nor ground
             Seeds of anise, badian, caraway or fennel; juniper berries;
0909.62.00   crushed or ground
0910.11.00   Ginger, neither crushed nor ground
0910.12.00   Ginger, crushed or ground
0910.20.00   Saffron
0910.30.00   Turmeric (curcuma)
             Mixtures of spices referred to in note 1(b) to chapter 9 of the
0910.91.00   HTSUS
0910.99.07   Bay leaves, other than crude or not manufactured
0910.99.10   Curry
0910.99.20   Origanum, crude or not manufactured
0910.99.40   Origanum, other than crude or not manufactured
0910.99.50   Dill
0910.99.60   Spices, nesoi
                                      49
                                                                                Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                        Limitations
1003.90.40   Barley, not seed, other than for malting purposes
1008.30.00   Canary seed
1008.40.00   Fonio (Digitaria spp.)
1008.60.00   Triticale
             Flour, meal and powder of sago, or of roots or tubers of
1106.20.90   heading 0714 (excluding Chinese water chestnuts)
1106.30.20   Flour, meal and powder of banana and plantain
1108.14.00   Cassava (manioc) starch
             Starches other than wheat, corn (maize), potato or cassava
1108.19.00   (manioc) starches
1203.00.00   Copra
1207.91.00   Poppy seeds, whether or not broken
             Date palm branches, Myrtus branches or other vegetable
1404.90.90   material, for religious purposes only                              Ex
1513.11.00   Coconut (copra) oil and its fractions, crude oil
1513.19.00   Coconut (copra) oil and its fractions, other
             Vegetable waxes (other than triglycerides), whether or not
1521.10.00   refined or colored
1521.90.20   Bleached beeswax
1602.50.05   Offal of bovine animals, prepared or preserved
1602.50.07   Corned beef in airtight containers
             Offal of bovine animals, cured or pickled, not corned beef,
1602.50.08   not in airtight containers
1602.50.21   Offal of bovine animals, other, in airtight containers
             Prepared or preserved meat of bovine animals, not
1602.50.60   containing cereals or vegetables, nesoi
             Prepared or preserved meat of bovine animals, containing
1602.50.90   cereals or vegetables
1801.00.00   Cocoa beans, whole or broken, raw or roasted
1802.00.00   Cocoa shells, husks, skins and other cocoa waste
1803.10.00   Cocoa paste, not defatted
1803.20.00   Cocoa paste, wholly or partly defatted
1804.00.00   Cocoa butter, fat and oil
             Cocoa powder, not containing added sugar or other
1805.00.00   sweetening matter
             Tapioca and substitutes prepared from starch, of arrowroot,
             cassava or sago, in the form of flakes, grains, pearls, siftings
1903.00.20   or in similar forms
             Tapioca and substitutes, prepared from starch nesoi, in the
1903.00.40   form of flakes, grains, pearls, siftings or in similar forms

                                       50
                                                                               Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                       Limitations
             Bread, pastry, cakes, biscuits and similar baked products,
             nesoi, and puddings, whether or not containing chocolate,
1905.90.10   fruit, nuts or confectionery, for religious purposes only         Ex
             Bakers’ wares, communion wafers, sealing wafers, rice paper
1905.90.90   and similar products, nesoi, for religious purposes only          Ex
2001.90.45   Mangoes, prepared or preserved by vinegar or acetic acid
             Bamboo shoots in airtight containers, prepared or preserved
             otherwise than by vinegar or acetic acid, not frozen, not
2005.91.60   preserved by sugar
             Pineapples, preserved by sugar (drained, glacé or
2006.00.40   crystallized)
2007.99.40   Pineapple jam
             Guava and mango pastes and purees, being cooked
2007.99.50   preparations
2008.19.15   Coconuts, otherwise prepared or preserved, nesoi
2008.20.00   Pineapples, otherwise prepared or preserved, nesoi
2008.30.35   Orange pulp
2008.91.00   Palm hearts, otherwise prepared or preserved, nesoi
2008.99.13   Banana pulp, otherwise prepared or preserved, nesoi
             Bananas, other than pulp, otherwise prepared or preserved,
2008.99.15   nesoi
2008.99.21   Acai                                                              Ex
2008.99.40   Mangoes, otherwise prepared or preserved, nesoi
2008.99.45   Papaya pulp, otherwise prepared or preserved, nesoi
             Bean cake, bean stick, miso, other fruit, nuts and other edible
2008.99.91   parts of plants, prepared or preserved
             Orange juice, frozen, unfermented and not containing added
2009.11.00   spirit
             Orange juice, not frozen, of a Brix value not exceeding 20,
             not concentrated and not made from juice having a degree of
2009.12.25   concentration of 1.5 or more, unfermented
             Orange juice, not frozen, of a Brix value not exceeding 20,
2009.12.45   concentrated, unfermented
             Orange juice, not frozen, of a Brix value exceeding 20,
2009.19.00   unfermented
             Citrus juice of any single citrus fruit (other than orange,
             grapefruit or lime), of a Brix value not exceeding 20,
2009.31.60   concentrated, unfermented, except for lemon juice                 Ex
             Lime juice, of a Brix value exceeding 20, fit for beverage
2009.39.20   purposes, unfermented
             Pineapple juice, of a Brix value exceeding 20, concentrated
2009.49.40   (in degree of concentration greater than 3.5)
                                       51
                                                                           Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                   Limitations
2009.89.70   Coconut water or juice of acai                                Ex
             Coconut water juice blends, not from concentrate, packaged
2009.90.40   for retail sale                                                Ex
2101.11.21   Unflavored instant coffee
             Extracts, essences and concentrates of coffee other than
2101.11.29   unflavored instant coffee
             Preparations nesoi, with a basis of extracts, essences or
2101.12.90   concentrates or with a basis of coffee
2101.20.20   Extracts, essences or concentrates of tea or mate
2106.90.48   Orange juice, fortified with vitamins or minerals
2106.90.99   Acai preparations for the manufacture of beverages             Ex
             Orange juice, fortified with vitamins or minerals, not made
2202.99.30   from a juice having a degree of concentration of 1.5 or more
2202.99.35   Orange juice, fortified with vitamins or minerals, nesoi
2504.10.10   Natural graphite, crystalline flake (not including flake dust)
             Natural graphite in powder or flakes other than crystalline
2504.10.50   flake
2504.90.00   Natural graphite, other than in powder or in flakes
2507.00.00   Kaolin and other kaolinic clays, whether or not calcined
             Natural calcium phosphates, natural aluminum calcium
2510.10.00   phosphates, unground
             Natural calcium phosphates, natural aluminum calcium
2510.20.00   phosphates, ground
2511.10.10   Natural barium sulfate (barytes), ground
2511.10.50   Natural barium sulfate (barytes), not ground
2519.10.00   Natural magnesium carbonate (magnesite)
             Fused magnesia; dead-burned (sintered) magnesia, whether
             or not containing small quantities of other oxides added
2519.90.10   before sintering
2519.90.20   Caustic calcined magnesite
2524.90.00   Asbestos other than crocidolite
2525.10.00   Crude mica and mica rifted into sheets or splittings
             Fluorspar, containing by weight 97 percent or less of calcium
2529.21.00   fluoride
             Fluorspar, containing by weight more than 97 percent of
2529.22.00   calcium fluoride
2530.20.10   Kieserite
2530.20.20   Epsom salts (natural magnesium sulfates)
2530.90.10   Natural cryolite; natural chiolite
2530.90.20   Natural micaceous iron oxides
2530.90.80   Other mineral substances, nesoi
                                       52
                                                                              Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                      Limitations
2601.11.00   Iron ores and concentrates, non-agglomerated
2601.12.00   Iron ores and concentrates, agglomerated
             Manganese ores and concentrates including ferruginous
             manganese ores and concentrates with manganese content
2602.00.00   over 20 percent calculated on the dry weight
2603.00.00   Copper ores and concentrates
2604.00.00   Nickel ores and concentrates
2605.00.00   Cobalt ores and concentrates
2606.00.00   Aluminum ores and concentrates
2608.00.00   Zinc ores and concentrates
2609.00.00   Tin ores and concentrates
2610.00.00   Chromium ores and concentrates
2611.00.30   Tungsten ores
2611.00.60   Tungsten concentrates
2612.10.00   Uranium ores and concentrates
2612.20.00   Thorium ores and concentrates
2613.90.00   Molybdenum ores and concentrates, not roasted
2614.00.30   Synthetic rutile
2614.00.60   Titanium ores and concentrates, other than synthetic rutile
2615.90.30   Synthetic tantalum-niobium concentrates
2615.90.60   Niobium, tantalum or vanadium ores and concentrates, nesoi
2616.10.00   Silver ores and concentrates
2617.10.00   Antimony ores and concentrates
             Ash and residues (other than from the manufacture of iron or
2620.30.00   steel), containing mainly copper
             Slag (other than from the manufacture of iron or steel)
             containing over 40 percent titanium, and which if containing
             over 2 percent by weight of copper, lead, or zinc is not to be
2620.99.50   treated for the recovery thereof
             Coal, anthracite, whether or not pulverized, but not
2701.11.00   agglomerated
             Coal, bituminous, whether or not pulverized, but not
2701.12.00   agglomerated
             Coal, other than anthracite or bituminous, whether or not
2701.19.00   pulverized, but not agglomerated
             Coal, briquettes, ovoids and similar solid fuels manufactured
2701.20.00   from coal
             Lignite (excluding jet), whether or not pulverized, but not
2702.10.00   agglomerated
2702.20.00   Lignite (excluding jet), agglomerated

                                      53
                                                                                 Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                         Limitations
2703.00.00   Peat (including peat litter), whether or not agglomerated
             Coke and semicoke of coal, lignite or peat, whether or not
2704.00.00   agglomerated; retort carbon
             Coal gas, water gas, producer gas and similar gases, other
2705.00.00   than petroleum gases and other gaseous hydrocarbons
             Tars (including reconstituted tars), distilled from coal, lignite
             or peat, and other mineral tars, whether dehydrated or
2706.00.00   partially distilled
             Benzene, from the distillation of high-temperature coal tar,
             or in which the weight of the aromatic constituents exceeds
2707.10.00   that of the nonaromatic constituents
             Toluene, from the distillation of high-temperature coal tar, or
             in which the weight of aromatic constituents exceeds that of
2707.20.00   the nonaromatic constituents
             Xylenes, from the distillation of high-temperature coal tar, or
             in which the weight of the aromatic constituents exceeds that
2707.30.00   of the nonaromatic constituents
             Naphthalene, from the distillation of high-temperature coal
             tar, or in which the weight of the aromatic constituents
2707.40.00   exceeds that of the nonaromatic constituents
             Aromatic hydrocarbon mixtures (from the distillation of
             high-temperature coal tar, or similar products in which the
             weight of the aromatic constituents exceeds that of the
             nonaromatic constituents), other than Benzene, Toluene,
             Xylenes, and Naphathalene, in which 65% or more by
             volume (including losses) distills at 250 C by the ISO 3405
2707.50.00   method (equivalent to the ASTM D 86 method)
             Creosote oils, from the distillation of high-temperature coal
             tar or similar products in which the weight of the aromatic
2707.91.00   constituents exceeds that of the nonaromatic constituents
             Light oil, from the distillation of high-temperature coal tar or
             similar products in which the weight of the aromatic
2707.99.10   constituents exceeds that of the nonaromatic constituents
             Picolines, from the distillation of high-temperature coal tar
             or similar products in which the weight of the aromatic
2707.99.20   constituents exceeds that of the nonaromatic constituents
             Carbazole, from the distillation of high-temperature coal tar
             or similar products in which the weight of the aromatic
             constituents exceeds that of the nonaromatic constituents,
2707.99.40   having a purity of 65 percent or more by weight
             Phenols, from the distillation of high-temperature coal tar or
2707.99.51   similar products in which the weight of aromatic constituents

                                       54
                                                                                Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                        Limitations
             exceeds that of nonaromatic constituents, containing more
             than 50 percent by weight of hydroxybenzene
             Metacresol, orthocresol, paracresol, and metaparacresol,
             from the distillation of high-temperature coal tar or similar
             products where the weight of the aromatic constituents
             exceeds that of the nonaromatic constituents, having a purity
2707.99.55   of 75 percent or more by weight
2707.99.59   Phenols, nesoi
             Other products of the distillation of high-temperature coal tar
             and similar products in which the weight of the aromatic
             constituents exceed that of the nonaromatic constituents,
2707.99.90   nesoi
2708.10.00   Pitch, obtained from coal tar or other mineral tars
2708.20.00   Pitch coke, obtained from coal tar or other mineral tars
             Petroleum oils and oils from bituminous minerals, crude,
2709.00.10   testing under 25 degrees A.P.I.
             Petroleum oils and oils from bituminous minerals, crude,
2709.00.20   testing 25 degrees A.P.I. or more
             Light oil motor fuel from petroleum oils and oils from
             bituminous minerals (other than crude) and containing by
             weight 70 percent or more of petroleum oils or oils from
2710.12.15   bituminous minerals
             Light oil motor fuel blending stock from petroleum oils and
             oils from bituminous minerals (other than crude) containing
             by weight 70 percent or more from petroleum oils or oils
2710.12.18   from bituminous minerals
2710.12.25   Naphthas (except motor fuel or motor fuel blending stock)
             Light oil mixtures of hydrocarbons nesoi which contain by
             weight not over 50 percent of any single hydrocarbon
2710.12.45   compound
             Light oils and preparations, from petroleum oils and oils
             from bituminous minerals or preparations nesoi containing
             by weight 70 percent or more of petroleum oils or oils
2710.12.90   obtained from bituminous minerals
             Distillate and residual fuel oils (including blended fuel oils),
             derived from petroleum or oils from bituminous minerals,
2710.19.06   testing under 25 degrees A.P.I.
             Distillate and residual fuel oils (including blended fuel oils),
             derived from petroleum oils or oils from bituminous
2710.19.11   minerals, testing 25 degrees A.P.I. or more
             Kerosene-type jet fuel, from petroleum oils and oils of
2710.19.16   bituminous minerals (other than crude) or preparations

                                      55
                                                                              Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                      Limitations
             containing by weight 70 percent or more of petroleum oils or
             oils obtained from bituminous minerals
             Kerosene motor fuel (except kerosene-type jet fuel), from
             petroleum oils and oils of bituminous minerals (other than
             crude) or preparations containing by weight 70 percent or
             more of petroleum oils or oils obtained from bituminous
2710.19.24   minerals
             Kerosene motor fuel blending stock (except kerosene-type
             jet fuel), from petroleum oils and oils of bituminous minerals
             (other than crude) or preparations containing by weight 70
             percent or more of petroleum oils or oils obtained from
2710.19.25   bituminous minerals
             Kerosene (except kerosene-type jet fuel, kerosene motor
             fuel, and kerosene motor fuel blending stock), from
             petroleum oils and oils of bituminous minerals (other than
             crude) or preparations containing by weight 70 percent or
             more of petroleum oils or oils obtained from bituminous
2710.19.26   minerals
             Lubricating oils, with or without additives, from petroleum
             oils and oils of bituminous minerals (other than crude) or
             preparations containing by weight 70 percent or more of
2710.19.30   petroleum oils or oils obtained from bituminous minerals
             Lubricating greases, containing not over 10 percent by
             weight of salts of fatty acids of animal or vegetable origin,
             from petroleum oils and oils of bituminous minerals (other
             than crude) or preparations containing by weight 70 percent
             or more of petroleum oils or oils obtained from bituminous
2710.19.35   minerals
             Lubricating greases, containing 10 percent or more by
             weight of salts of fatty acids of animal or vegetable origin,
             from petroleum oils and oils of bituminous minerals (other
             than crude) or preparations containing by weight 70 percent
             or more of petroleum oils or oils obtained from bituminous
2710.19.40   minerals
             Mixture of hydrocarbons nesoi, which contain by weight not
             over 50 percent of any single hydrocarbon compound, from
             petroleum oils and oils of bituminous minerals (other than
             crude) or preparations containing by weight 70 percent or
             more of petroleum oils or oils obtained from bituminous
2710.19.45   minerals
             Petroleum oils and oils from bituminous minerals or
             preparations nesoi containing by weight 70 percent or more
2710.19.90   of petroleum oils or oils obtained from bituminous minerals
                                      56
                                                                                Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                        Limitations
             Distillate and residual fuel oils (including blended fuel oils),
             testing under 25 degrees A.P.I., from petroleum oils and oils
             of bituminous minerals (other than crude) or preparations
             nesoi containing by weight 70 percent or more of petroleum
             oils or oils obtained from bituminous minerals, containing
2710.20.05   biodiesel, other than waste oils
             Distillate and residual fuel oils (including blended fuel oils),
             testing 25 degrees A.P.I. or more, from petroleum oils and
             oils of bituminous minerals (other than crude) or
             preparations nesoi containing by weight 70 percent or more
             of petroleum oils or oils obtained from bituminous minerals,
2710.20.10   containing biodiesel, and other than waste oils
             Kerosene-type jet fuel, motor fuel or motor fuel blending
             stock, from petroleum oils and oils of bituminous minerals
             (other than crude) or preparations nesoi containing by weight
             70 percent or more of petroleum oils or oils obtained from
             bituminous minerals, containing biodiesel, and other than
2710.20.15   waste oils
             Kerosene (except kerosene-type jet fuel, motor fuel or motor
             fuel blending stock, from petroleum oils and oils of
             bituminous minerals (other than crude) or preparations nesoi
             containing by weight 70 percent or more of petroleum oils or
             oils obtained from bituminous minerals, containing biodiesel,
2710.20.25   other than waste oils
             Waste oils containing polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs),
             polychlorinated terphenyls (PCTs) or polybrominated
2710.91.00   biphenyls (PBBs)
             Wastes of distillate and residual fuel oil (including blends)
             derived from petroleum oil or bituminous minerals, testing
2710.99.05   under 25 degrees A.P.I.
             Wastes of distillate and residual fuel oil (including blends)
             derived from petroleum oil or bituminous minerals, testing
2710.99.10   25 degrees A.P.I. or more
2710.99.16   Waste motor fuel or motor fuel blending stock
2710.99.21   Waste kerosene or naphthas
2710.99.31   Waste lubricating oils, with or without additives
             Waste lubricating greases, containing not over 10 percent by
             weight of fatty acids of animal (including marine animal) or
2710.99.32   vegetable origin
2710.99.39   Other wastes of lubricating oils and greases
             Waste oil mixtures of hydrocarbons nesoi containing not
2710.99.45   over 50 percent of any single hydrocarbon compound

                                      57
                                                                             Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                     Limitations
2710.99.90   Other waste oils
2711.11.00   Natural gas, liquefied
2711.12.00   Propane, liquefied
2711.13.00   Butanes, liquefied
2711.14.00   Ethylene, propylene, butylene and butadiene, liquefied
             Liquefied petroleum gases and other gaseous hydrocarbons,
2711.19.00   nesoi
2711.21.00   Natural gas, in gaseous state
             Petroleum gases and other gaseous hydrocarbons, except
2711.29.00   natural gas
2712.10.00   Petroleum jelly
             Paraffin wax (whether or not colored), obtained by synthesis
2712.20.00   or other process and less than 0.75 percent oil by weight
             Montan wax (whether or not colored), obtained by synthesis
2712.90.10   or other process
             Mineral waxes (i.e., paraffin wax with 0.75 percent or more
             oil by weight, microcrystalline wax, slack lignite and peat
2712.90.20   waxes, ozokerite), obtained by synthesis
2713.11.00   Coke, petroleum, not calcined
2713.12.00   Coke, petroleum coke, calcined
2713.20.00   Petroleum bitumen
             Residues (except petroleum coke or petroleum bitumen) of
2713.90.00   petroleum oils or of oils obtained from bituminous materials
2714.10.00   Bituminous or oil shale and tar sands
2714.90.00   Bitumen and asphalt, natural; asphaltites and asphaltic rocks
             Bituminous mixtures based on natural asphalt, natural
2715.00.00   bitumen, petroleum bitumen, mineral tar or mineral tar pitch
2716.00.00   Electrical energy
2801.20.00   Iodine
2804.10.00   Hydrogen                                                        Pharma
2804.29.00   Rare gases, other than argon
2804.30.00   Nitrogen                                                        Pharma
2804.50.00   Boron; tellurium
             Silicon containing by weight not less than 99.99 percent of
2804.61.00   silicon
             Silicon, containing by weight less than 99.99 percent but not
2804.69.10   less than 99 percent of silicon
2804.69.50   Silicon, containing by weight less than 99 percent of silicon
2804.80.00   Arsenic
2804.90.00   Selenium

                                     58
                                                                          Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                  Limitations
2805.19.10   Strontium
2805.19.20   Barium
2805.19.90   Alkali metals, other than strontium and barium
             Rare-earth metals, scandium and yttrium, whether or not
2805.30.00   intermixed or interalloyed
2806.10.00   Hydrogen chloride (Hydrochloric acid)                        Pharma
2807.00.00   Sulfuric acid; oleum                                         Pharma
2809.20.00   Phosphoric acid and polyphosphoric acids                     Pharma
2811.11.00   Hydrogen fluoride (Hydrofluoric acid)
2811.12.00   Hydrogen cyanide                                             Pharma
2811.19.10   Arsenic acid
2811.22.50   Silicon dioxide, other than synthetic silica gel             Pharma
2811.29.10   Arsenic trioxide
2811.29.20   Selenium dioxide
2812.12.00   Phosphorus oxychloride                                       Pharma
2812.19.00   Other chlorides and chloride oxides
2813.90.10   Arsenic sulfides
2814.10.00   Anhydrous ammonia                                            Pharma
2814.20.00   Ammonia in aqueous solution                                  Pharma
2815.11.00   Sodium hydroxide (Caustic soda), solid                       Pharma
             Sodium hydroxide (Caustic soda), in aqueous solution (Soda
2815.12.00   lye or liquid soda)                                          Pharma
2815.20.00   Potassium hydroxide (Caustic potash)
2815.30.00   Peroxides of sodium or potassium                             Pharma
2816.10.00   Hydroxide and peroxide of magnesium
2816.40.10   Oxides, hydroxides and peroxides of strontium
2816.40.20   Oxides, hydroxides and peroxides of barium
2817.00.00   Zinc oxide; zinc peroxide
2818.10.10   Artificial corundum, crude
             Artificial corundum, in grains, or ground, pulverized or
2818.10.20   refined
2818.20.00   Aluminum oxide, other than artificial corundum
2818.30.00   Aluminum hydroxide
2820.10.00   Manganese dioxide
2821.10.00   Iron oxides and hydroxides
             Earth colors containing 70 percent or more by weight of
2821.20.00   combined iron evaluated as Fe2O3
2822.00.00   Cobalt oxides and hydroxides; commercial cobalt oxides
2823.00.00   Titanium oxides

                                    59
                                                                            Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                    Limitations
2825.10.00   Hydrazine and hydroxylamine and their inorganic salts          Pharma
2825.20.00   Lithium oxide and hydroxide
2825.30.00   Vanadium oxides and hydroxides
2825.40.00   Nickel oxides and hydroxides
2825.50.30   Copper hydroxides
2825.60.00   Germanium oxides and zirconium dioxide
2825.80.00   Antimony oxides
2825.90.15   Niobium oxide
2825.90.20   Tin oxides
2825.90.30   Tungsten oxides
             Other inorganic bases; other metal oxides, hydroxides and
2825.90.90   peroxides, nesoi
2826.12.00   Fluorides of aluminum
2826.30.00   Sodium hexafluoroaluminate (Synthetic cryolite)
2826.90.90   Other complex fluorine salts, nesoi
2827.31.00   Magnesium chloride
2827.39.25   Tin chlorides
2827.39.45   Barium chloride
2827.39.60   Cobalt chlorides
2827.39.65   Zinc chloride                                                  Pharma
2827.39.90   Chlorides, nesoi
2827.41.00   Chloride oxides and chloride hydroxides of copper
             Chloride oxides and chloride hydroxides other than of copper
2827.49.50   or of vanadium
             Other bromides and bromide oxides, other than ammonium,
2827.59.51   calcium or zinc
2827.60.10   Iodide and iodide oxide of calcium or copper
2827.60.20   Iodide and iodide oxide of potassium                           Pharma
             Iodides and iodide oxides, other than of calcium, copper or
2827.60.51   potassium
2832.10.00   Sodium sulfites                                                Pharma
2832.30.10   Sodium thiosulfate                                             Pharma
2833.11.50   Disodium sulfate, other than salt cake                         Pharma
2833.19.00   Sodium sulfates, other than disodium sulfate                   Pharma
2833.21.00   Magnesium sulfate
2833.22.00   Aluminum sulfate                                               Pharma
2833.24.00   Nickel sulfate
2833.25.00   Copper sulfate
2833.27.00   Barium sulfate

                                     60
                                                                         Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                 Limitations
2833.29.10   Cobalt sulfate
2833.29.45   Zinc sulfate
2833.29.51   Other sulfates nesoi
2834.10.10   Sodium nitrite                                              Pharma
2834.21.00   Potassium nitrate
2834.29.20   Strontium nitrate
2834.29.51   Nitrates, nesoi
2835.22.00   Mono- or disodium phosphates                                Pharma
2835.24.00   Potassium phosphate                                         Pharma
2836.20.00   Disodium carbonate                                          Pharma
2836.30.00   Sodium hydrogencarbonate (Sodium bicarbonate)               Pharma
2836.40.20   Potassium hydrogencarbonate (Potassium bicarbonate)         Pharma
2836.60.00   Barium carbonate
2836.91.00   Lithium carbonates
2836.92.00   Strontium carbonate
2836.99.10   Cobalt carbonates
2836.99.50   Carbonates nesoi, and peroxocarbonates (percarbonates)
2837.20.51   Complex cyanides, excluding potassium ferricyanide          Pharma
2839.19.00   Sodium silicate
2841.80.00   Tungstates (wolframates)
2841.90.20   Ammonium perrhenate
2841.90.40   Aluminates                                                  Pharma
2842.10.00   Double or complex silicates                                 Pharma
             Salts of inorganic acids or peroxoacids nesoi, excluding
2842.90.90   azides                                                      Pharma
2843.29.01   Silver compounds, other than silver nitrate                 Pharma
2843.30.00   Gold compounds                                              Pharma
             Inorganic or organic compounds of precious metals,
             excluding those of silver and gold; amalgams of precious
2843.90.00   metals                                                      Pharma
2844.10.10   Natural uranium metal
2844.10.20   Natural uranium compounds
             Uranium enriched in U235 and plutonium and their
             compounds; alloys, dispersions, ceramic products and
2844.20.00   mixtures containing these products
2844.30.20   Compounds of uranium depleted in U235
             Uranium depleted in U235, thorium; alloys, dispersions,
             ceramic products and mixtures of these products and their
2844.30.50   compounds

                                     61
                                                                               Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                       Limitations
             Tritium and its compounds, alloys, dispersions, ceramic
2844.41.00   products and mixtures thereof                                     Pharma
             Actinium, californium, curium, einsteinium, gadolinium,
             polonium, radium, uranium and their compounds, alloys,
2844.42.00   dispersions, ceramic products and mixtures                        Pharma
             Other radioactive elements, isotopes, compounds, nesoi;
2844.43.00   alloys, dispersions, ceramic products and mixtures thereof        Pharma
2844.44.00   Radioactive residues                                              Pharma
2845.20.00   Boron enriched in boron-10 and its compounds                      Pharma
2845.30.00   Lithium enriched in lithium-6 and its compounds                   Pharma
             Isotopes not in heading 2844 and their compounds other than
2845.90.01   boron, lithium and helium                                         Pharma
2846.10.00   Cerium compounds
2846.90.20   Mixtures of rare-earth oxides or of rare-earth chlorides
             Yttrium bearing materials and compounds containing by
             weight more than 19 percent but less than 85 percent yttrium
2846.90.40   oxide equivalent
             Compounds, inorganic or organic, of rare-earth metals, of
2846.90.80   yttrium or of scandium, or of mixtures of these metals, nesoi
2847.00.00   Hydrogen peroxide, whether or not solidified with urea            Pharma
2849.20.10   Silicon carbide, crude
2849.20.20   Silicon carbide, in grains, or ground, pulverized or refined
2849.90.30   Tungsten carbide
             Hydrides, nitrides, azides, silicides and borides other than of
2850.00.50   calcium, titanium, tungsten or vanadium                           Pharma
2853.10.00   Cyanogen chloride (Chlorocyan )                                   Pharma
             Phosphor copper containing more than 15 percent by weight
2853.90.10   of phosphorus, excluding ferrosphosphorus
             Phosphides, whether or not chemically defined, excluding
2853.90.50   ferrophosphorus, of other metals or of nonmetals                  Pharma
2853.90.90   Other phosphides, excluding ferrophosphorous, nesoi
             Saturated acyclic hydrocarbon (not ethane, butane, n-pentane
             or isopentane), derived in whole or in part from petroleum,
2901.10.40   shale oil or natural gas                                          Pharma
             Cyclanic hydrocarbons (except cyclohexane), cyclenic
2902.19.00   hydrocarbons and cycloterpenes nesoi                              Pharma
2902.90.30   Alkylbenzenes and polyalkylbenzenes                               Pharma
2903.12.00   Dichloromethane (Methylene chloride)                              Pharma
2903.13.00   Chloroform (Trichloromethane)                                     Pharma
             1,2-dichloropropane (propylene dichloride) and
2903.19.05   dichlorobutanes

                                      62
                                                                           Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                   Limitations
2903.19.10   Hexachloroethane and tetrachloroethane
2903.19.30   Sec-Butyl chloride
2903.19.60   Other saturated chlorinated hydrocarbons, nesoi
2903.22.00   Trichloroethylene                                             Pharma
2903.41.10   Trifluoromethane (HFC-23)                                     Pharma
2903.42.10   Difluoromethane (HFC-32)                                      Pharma
             Fluoromethane (HFC-41), 1,2-difluoroethane (HFC-152) and
2903.43.10   1,1-difluoroethane (HFC-152-a)                                Pharma
             Pentafluoroethane (HFC-125), 1,1,1-trifluoroethane (HFC-
2903.44.10   143a) and 1,1,2-trifluoroethane (HFC-143)                     Pharma
             1,1,1,2-Tetrafluoroethane (HFC-134a) and 1,1,2,2-
2903.45.10   tetrafluoroethane (HFC-134)                                   Pharma
             1,1,1,2,3,3,3-Heptafluoropropane (HFC-227ea),1,1,1,2,2,3-
             hexafluoropropane (HFC-236cb),1,1,1,2,3,3-
             hexafluoropropane (HFC-236ea) and 1,1,1,3,3,3-
2903.46.10   hexafluoropropane (HFC-236fa)                                 Pharma
             1,1,1,3,3-Pentafluoropropane (HFC-245fa) and 1,1,2,2,3-
2903.47.10   pentafluoropropane (HFC-245ca)                                Pharma
             1,1,1,3,3-Pentafluorobutane (HFC-365mfc) and
2903.48.00   1,1,1,2,2,3,4,5,5,5-decafluoropentane (HFC-4310mee)           Pharma
             Other saturated fluorinated derivatives of acyclic
2903.49.00   hydrocarbons, nesoi                                           Pharma
             2,3,3,3-Tetrafluoropropene (HFO-1234yf), 1,3,3,3-
             tetrafluoropropene (HFO-1234ze) and (Z)-1,1,1,4,4,4-
2903.51.10   hexafluoro-2-butene (HFO-1336mzz)                             Pharma
2903.59.10   1,1,3,3,3-Pentafluoro-2-(trifluoromethyl)-prop-1-ene          Pharma
             Other unsaturated fluorinated derivatives of acyclic
2903.59.90   hydrocarbons                                                  Pharma
             Acetylene tetrabromide; alkyl bromides, other than methyl
             bromide (bromomethane); methylene dibromide; and vinyl
2903.69.10   bromide                                                       Pharma
             Other brominated or iodinated derivatives of acyclic
2903.69.90   hydrocarbons                                                  Pharma
2903.71.01   Chlorodifluoromethane (HCFC-22)                               Pharma
             Other acyclic hydrocarbon derivatives, perhalogenated only
2903.77.00   with fluorine and chlorine                                    Pharma
2903.78.00   Other perhalogenated acyclic hydrocarbon derivatives, nesoi   Pharma
             Other halogenated derivatives of acyclic hydrocarbons
2903.79.90   containing two or more different halogens, nesoi              Pharma
             1,2,3,4,5,6-Hexachlorocyclohexane (HCH (ISO)), including
2903.81.00   lindane (ISO, INN)                                            Pharma

                                    63
                                                                              Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                      Limitations
             Halogenated products derived in whole or in part from
             benzene or other aromatic hydrocarbons, described in
2903.89.15   additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS                Pharma
             Halogenated derivatives derived in whole or in part from
2903.89.20   benzene or other aromatic hydrocarbons, nesoi                    Pharma
             Other halogenated derivatives of cyclanic, cyclenic or
             cycloterpenic hydrocarbons not derived from benzene or
2903.89.70   other aromatic hydrocarbons                                      Pharma
             Hexachlorobenzene (ISO) and DDT (clofenotane (INN),
2903.92.00   (1,1,1-trichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethane)                  Pharma
             Halogenated derivatives of aromatic hydrocarbons,
2903.93.00   pentachlorobenzene                                               Pharma
             Halogenated derivatives of aromatic hydrocarbons,
2903.94.00   hexabromobiphenyls                                               Pharma
             Benzyl chloride (α-Chlorotoluene); Benzotrichloride (α, α, α-
2903.99.20   Trichlorotoluene)                                                Pharma
             Other halogenated derivatives of aromatic hydrocarbons,
2903.99.80   nesoi                                                            Pharma
             Aromatic derivatives of hydrocarbons containing only sulfo
             groups, their salts and ethyl esters, described in additional
2904.10.32   U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS                           Pharma
             Nonaromatic derivatives of hydrocarbons containing only
2904.10.50   sulfo groups, their salts and ethyl esters, nesoi                Pharma
2904.20.10   p-Nitrotoluene                                                   Pharma
2904.20.15   p-Nitro-o-xylene                                                 Pharma
2904.20.20   Trinitrotoluene                                                  Pharma
             5-tert-Butyl-2,4,6-trinitro-m-xylene (Musk xylol) and other
2904.20.30   artificial musks                                                 Pharma
             Nitrated benzene, nitrated toluene (except p-nitrotoluene) or
2904.20.35   nitrated naphthalene                                             Pharma
             Aromatic derivatives of hydrocarbons containing only nitro
             or only nitroso groups, described in additional U.S. note 3 to
2904.20.40   section VI of the HTSUS                                          Pharma
             Aromatic derivatives of hydrocarbons containing only nitro
2904.20.45   or only nitroso groups, nesoi                                    Pharma
             Nonaromatic derivatives of hydrocarbons containing only
2904.20.50   nitro or only nitroso groups, nesoi                              Pharma
             Monochloromononitrobenzenes; o-nitrochlorobenzene; p-
2904.99.04   nitrochlorobenzene                                               Pharma
2904.99.08   Monochloromononitrobenzenes nesoi                                Pharma



                                      64
                                                                              Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                      Limitations
             4-Chloro-3-nitro-α-α-α-trifluorotoluene; 2-Chloro-5-nitro-α-
             α-α-trifluorotoluene; and 4-Chloro-3,5-dinitro-α-α-α-
2904.99.15   trifluorotoluene                                                 Pharma
2904.99.20   Nitrotoluenesulfonic acids                                       Pharma
             1-Bromo-2-nitrobenzene; 1,2-Dichloro-4-nitrobenzene and
2904.99.30   o-Fluoronitrobenzene                                             Pharma
2904.99.35   4,4'-Dinitrostilbene-2,2'-disulfonic acid                        Pharma
             Sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives of aromatic
             products described in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of
2904.99.40   the HTSUS                                                        Pharma
             Other sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives of
             aromatic hydrocarbons excluding aromatic products
             described in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the
2904.99.47   HTSUS                                                            Pharma
             Nonaromatic sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives of
2904.99.50   hydrocarbons, nesoi                                              Pharma
             Methanol (Methyl alcohol), other than imported only for use
             in producing synthetic natural gas (SNG) or for direct use as
2905.11.20   fuel                                                             Pharma
             Propan-1-ol (Propyl alcohol) and Propan-2-ol (isopropyl
2905.12.00   alcohol)                                                         Pharma
2905.13.00   Butan-1-ol (n-Butyl alcohol)                                     Pharma
2905.19.10   Pentanol (Amyl alcohol) and isomers thereof                      Pharma
2905.19.90   Saturated monohydric alcohols, nesoi                             Pharma
2905.22.10   Geraniol                                                         Pharma
2905.22.20   Isophytol                                                        Pharma
2905.22.50   Acyclic terpene alcohols, other than geraniol and isophytol      Pharma
             Unsaturated monohydric alcohols, other than allyl alcohol or
2905.29.90   acyclic terpene alcohols                                         Pharma
2905.31.00   Ethylene glycol (Ethanediol)                                     Pharma
2905.32.00   Propylene glycol (Propane-1,2-diol)                              Pharma
2905.39.90   Dihydric alcohols (diols), nesoi                                 Pharma
2905.49.20   Esters of glycerol formed with the acids of heading 2904         Pharma
2905.49.50   Polyhydric alcohols, nesoi                                       Pharma
2905.51.00   Ethchlorvynol (INN)                                              Pharma
             Halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives of
2905.59.10   monohydric alcohols                                              Pharma
             Halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives of
2905.59.90   acyclic alcohols, nesoi                                          Pharma
2906.11.00   Menthol                                                          Pharma


                                      65
                                                                               Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                       Limitations
             Other cyclanic, cyclenic or cycloterpenic alcohols and their
2906.19.50   halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives       Pharma
             Other aromatic alcohols and their halogenated, sulfonated,
2906.29.60   nitrated or nitrosated derivatives                                Pharma
2907.11.00   Phenol (Hydroxybenzene) and its salts                             Pharma
2907.19.10   Alkylcresols                                                      Pharma
2907.19.20   Alkylphenols                                                      Pharma
2907.19.40   Thymol                                                            Pharma
2907.19.80   Other monophenols                                                 Pharma
2907.29.90   Other polyphenols, nesoi                                          Pharma
             6-Chloro-m-cresol [OH=1]; m-chlorophenol; and
2908.19.10   chlorothymol                                                      Pharma
             Derivatives of phenols or phenol-alcohols containing only
             halogen substituents and their salts described in additional
2908.19.35   U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS                            Pharma
             Other halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated
2908.19.60   derivatives of phenol or phenol-alcohols                          Pharma
             Derivatives nesoi, of phenols or phenol-alcohols containing
             only sulfo groups, their salts and esters, described in
2908.99.12   additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS                 Pharma
             Derivatives of phenol or phenol-alcohols containing only
2908.99.15   sulfo groups, their salts and esters, nesoi                       Pharma
2908.99.25   Nitrophenols, except p-nitrophenol                                Pharma
2909.11.00   Diethyl ether                                                     Pharma
             Ethers of acyclic monohydric alcohols and their derivatives,
2909.19.18   nesoi                                                             Pharma
             Ethers of polyhydric alcohols and their halogenated,
2909.19.60   sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives, nesoi             Pharma
             Cyclanic, cyclenic or cycloterpenic ethers and their
2909.20.00   halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives       Pharma
             Aromatic ethers and their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
             nitrosated derivatives, nesoi, described in additional U.S.
2909.30.40   note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS                                 Pharma
             Other aromatic ethers and their halogenated, sulfonated,
2909.30.60   nitrated, or nitrosated derivatives, nesoi                        Pharma
2909.49.05   Guaifenesin                                                       Pharma
             Other aromatic ether-alcohols, their halogenated, sulfonated,
             nitrated or nitrosated derivatives described in additional U.S.
2909.49.10   note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS                                 Pharma
             Aromatic ether-alcohols and their halogenated, sulfonated,
2909.49.15   nitrated or nitrosated derivatives, nesoi                         Pharma
2909.49.20   Nonaromatic glycerol ethers                                       Pharma
                                        66
                                                                               Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                       Limitations
             Other non-aromatic ether-alcohols and their halogenated,
2909.49.60   sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives                    Pharma
2909.50.20   Guaiacol and its derivatives                                      Pharma
             Odoriferous or flavoring compounds of ether-phenols, ether-
             alcohol-phenols and their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
2909.50.40   nitrosated derivatives                                            Pharma
             Ether-phenols, ether-alcohol-phenols and their halogenated,
             sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives nesoi, described
2909.50.45   in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS              Pharma
             Ether-phenols, ether-alcohol-phenols and their halogenated,
2909.50.50   sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives, nesoi             Pharma
2910.10.00   Oxirane (Ethylene oxide)                                          Pharma
2910.30.00   1-Chloro-2,3-epoxypropane (Epichlorohydrin)                       Pharma
2910.40.00   Dieldrin (ISO, INN)                                               Pharma
2910.50.00   Endrin                                                            Pharma
2910.90.10   Butylene oxide                                                    Pharma
             Aromatic epoxides, epoxyalcohols, epoxyphenols and
             epoxyethers, with a three-membered ring, and their
2910.90.20   derivatives, nesoi                                                Pharma
             Other nonaromatic epoxides, epoxyalcohols and
             epoxyethers, with a three-membered ring, and their
2910.90.91   halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives       Pharma
2911.00.10   1,1-Bis(1-methylethoxy)cyclohexane                                Pharma
             Acetals and hemiacetals, whether or not with other oxygen
             function, and their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
2911.00.50   nitrosated derivatives                                            Pharma
2912.19.50   Acyclic aldehydes without other oxygen function, nesoi            Pharma
2912.29.60   Other cyclic aldehydes without other oxygen function              Pharma
             Other aromatic aldehyde-alcohols, aldehyde-ethers,
2912.49.26   aldehyde-phenols and aldehydes with other oxygen function         Pharma
2912.60.00   Paraformaldehyde                                                  Pharma
2914.11.10   Acetone, derived in whole or in part from cumene                  Pharma
2914.19.00   Acyclic ketones without other oxygen function, nesoi              Pharma
2914.29.30   Natural camphor                                                   Pharma
             Cyclanic, cyclenic or cycloterpenic ketones without other
2914.29.50   oxygen function, nesoi                                            Pharma
2914.39.90   Aromatic ketones without other oxygen function, nesoi             Pharma
2914.40.40   Aromatic ketone-alcohols and ketone-aldehydes, nesoi              Pharma
2914.40.90   Nonaromatic ketone-alcohols and ketone-aldehydes, nesoi           Pharma
2914.50.10   5-Benzoyl-4-hydroxy-2-methoxybenzene-sulfonic acid                Pharma

                                      67
                                                                            Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                    Limitations
             Aromatic ketone-phenols and ketones with other oxygen
2914.50.30   function                                                       Pharma
             Nonaromatic ketone-phenols and ketones with other oxygen
2914.50.50   function                                                       Pharma
2914.62.00   Coenzyme Q10 (ubidecarenone (INN)                              Pharma
2914.69.21   Quinone drugs                                                  Pharma
2914.69.90   Quinones, nesoi                                                Pharma
             Halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives:
2914.71.00   chlordecone (ISO)                                              Pharma
2914.79.10   2,3-dichloro-1,4-naphthoquinone and other artificial musks     Pharma
             Other halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated
             derivatives of aromatic ketones and quinones whether or not
2914.79.40   with other oxygen function                                     Pharma
2914.79.60   1-Chloro-5-hexanone                                            Pharma
             Other halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated
             derivatives of nonaromatic ketones and quinones whether or
2914.79.90   not with other oxygen function                                 Pharma
2915.21.00   Acetic acid                                                    Pharma
2915.24.00   Acetic anhydride                                               Pharma
2915.29.30   Cobalt acetates
2915.29.50   Other salts of acetic acid                                     Pharma
2915.32.00   Vinyl acetate                                                  Pharma
2915.36.00   Dinoseb (ISO) acetate                                          Pharma
2915.39.10   Benzyl acetate                                                 Pharma
             Aromatic esters of acetic acid, described in additional U.S.
2915.39.31   note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS                              Pharma
2915.39.35   Aromatic esters of acetic acid, nesoi                          Pharma
2915.39.40   Linalyl acetate                                                Pharma
             Odoriferous or flavoring compounds of nonaromatic esters
2915.39.45   of acetic acid, nesoi                                          Pharma
             Acetates of polyhydric alcohols or of polyhydric alcohol
2915.39.47   ethers                                                         Pharma
2915.39.70   Isobutyl acetate                                               Pharma
2915.39.90   Other non-aromatic esters of acetic acid                       Pharma
2915.40.10   Chloroacetic acids                                             Pharma
             Aromatic salts and esters of chlorocetic acids, described in
2915.40.20   additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS              Pharma
2915.40.30   Aromatic salts and esters of chlorocetic acids, nesoi          Pharma
2915.40.50   Nonaromatic salts and esters of chlorocetic acids, nesoi       Pharma
2915.50.20   Aromatic salts and esters of propionic acid                    Pharma

                                     68
                                                                             Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                     Limitations
2915.90.10   Fatty acids of animal or vegetable origin, nesoi                Pharma
2915.90.14   Valproic acid                                                   Pharma
2915.90.18   Saturated acyclic monocarboxylic acids, nesoi                   Pharma
             Aromatic anhydrides, halides, peroxides and peroxyacids, of
             saturated acyclic monocarboxylic acids, and their
2915.90.20   derivatives, nesoi                                              Pharma
             Nonaromatic anhydrides, halides, peroxides and peroxyacids,
             of saturated acyclic monocarboxylic acids, and their
2915.90.50   derivatives, nesoi                                              Pharma
2916.16.00   Binapacryl (ISO)                                                Pharma
2916.19.30   Unsaturated acyclic monocarboxylic acids, nesoi                 Pharma
             Unsaturated acyclic monocarboxylic acid anhydrides,
2916.19.50   halides, peroxides, peroxyacids and their derivatives, nesoi    Pharma
             Cyclanic, cyclenic or cycloterpenic monocarboxylic acids,
             their anhydrides, halides, peroxides, peroxyacids and their
2916.20.50   derivatives, nesoi                                              Pharma
             Benzoic acid esters, except odoriferous or flavoring
             compounds, described in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI
2916.31.30   of the HTSUS                                                    Pharma
2916.31.50   Benzoic acid esters, nesoi                                      Pharma
2916.39.15   Ibuprofen                                                       Pharma
2916.39.17   2,2-Dichlorophenylacetic acid, ethyl ester and m-Toluic acid    Pharma
             Aromatic monocarboxylic acids, their anhydrides, halides,
             peroxides, peroxyacids and their derivatives, described in
2916.39.46   additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS               Pharma
             Other aromatic monocarboxylic acids, their anhydrides,
2916.39.79   halides, peroxides, peroxyacids and their derivatives           Pharma
2917.13.00   Azelaic acid, sebacic acid, their salts and esters              Pharma
2917.19.10   Ferrous fumarate                                                Pharma
             Fumaric acid, derived in whole or in part from aromatic
2917.19.15   hydrocarbons                                                    Pharma
             Fumaric acid except derived in whole or in part from
2917.19.17   aromatic hydrocarbons                                           Pharma
             Specified acyclic polycarboxylic acids and their derivatives,
             described in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the
2917.19.20   HTSUS                                                           Pharma
2917.19.23   Maleic acid                                                     Pharma
             Succinic acid, glutaric acid, and their derivatives, and
2917.19.27   derivatives of adipic, fumeric and maleic acids, nesoi          Pharma
2917.19.30   Ethylene brassylate                                             Pharma
2917.19.35   Malonic acid                                                    Pharma

                                     69
                                                                                 Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                         Limitations
             Acyclic polycarboxylic acids, derived from aromatic
2917.19.40   hydrocarbons, and their derivatives, nesoi                          Pharma
             Acyclic polycarboxylic acids and their derivatives (excluding
2917.19.70   plasticizers)                                                       Pharma
             Cyclanic, cyclenic or cycloterpenic polycarboxylic acids,
             their anhydrides, halides, peroxides, peroxyacids and their
2917.20.00   derivatives                                                         Pharma
2917.34.01   Esters of orthophthalic acid, nesoi                                 Pharma
2917.37.00   Dimethyl terephthalate                                              Pharma
             Aromatic polycarboxylic acids, their anhydrides, halides,
             peroxides, peroxyacids and their derivatives nesoi, described
2917.39.30   in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS                Pharma
2918.11.51   Salts and esters of lactic acid                                     Pharma
2918.12.00   Tartaric acid                                                       Pharma
2918.13.50   Salts and esters of tartaric acid, nesoi                            Pharma
2918.14.00   Citric acid                                                         Pharma
2918.16.50   Salts and esters of gluconic acid, nesoi                            Pharma
2918.18.00   Chlorobenzilate (ISO)                                               Pharma
2918.19.15   Other Phenylglycolic (Mandelic) acid salts and esters               Pharma
             Aromatic carboxylic acids with alcohol function, without
             other oxygen functions, and their derivatives, described in
2918.19.20   additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS                   Pharma
             Aromatic carboxylic acids with alcohol function, without
2918.19.31   other oxygen functions, and their derivatives, nesoi                Pharma
2918.19.60   Malic acid                                                          Pharma
             Nonaromatic carboxylic acids with alcohol function, without
2918.19.90   other oxygen function, and their derivatives, nesoi                 Pharma
2918.21.10   Salicylic acid and its salts, suitable for medicinal use            Pharma
2918.22.10   O-Acetylsalicylic acid (Aspirin)                                    Pharma
2918.22.50   Salts and esters of O-acetylsalicylic acid                          Pharma
2918.23.10   Salol (Phenyl salicylate) suitable for medicinal use                Pharma
             Esters of salicylic acid and their salts, described in additional
2918.23.30   U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS                              Pharma
2918.23.50   Esters of salicylic acid and their salts, nesoi                     Pharma
2918.29.20   Gentisic acid; and Hydroxycinnamic acid and its salts               Pharma
2918.29.22   p-Hydroxybenzoic acid                                               Pharma
             Carboxylic acids with phenol function but without other
             oxygen function, described in additional U.S. note 3 to
2918.29.65   section VI of the HTSUS                                             Pharma



                                       70
                                                                             Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                     Limitations
             Other carboxylic acids with phenol function but without
             other oxygen function and their derivatives (excluding goods
2918.29.75   of additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS)           Pharma
2918.30.10   1-Formylphenylacetic acid, methyl ester                         Pharma
             2-Chloro-4,5-difluoro-beta -oxobenzenepropanoic acid,
2918.30.15   ethyl ester; and Ethyl 2-keto-4-phenylbutanoate                 Pharma
             Aromatic carboxylic acids with aldehyde or ketone function
             but without other oxygen function and their derivatives
             described in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the
2918.30.25   HTSUS, nesoi                                                    Pharma
             Aromatic carboxylic acids with aldehyde or ketone function
             but without other oxygen function, and their derivatives,
2918.30.30   nesoi                                                           Pharma
             Dimethyl acetyl succinate; Oxalacetic acid diethyl ester,
             sodium salt; 4,4,4-Trifluoro-3-oxobutanoic acid, both ethyl
2918.30.70   and methyl ester versions                                       Pharma
             Non-aromatic carboxylic acids with aldehyde or ketone
             function but without other oxygen function, their anhydrides,
2918.30.90   halides, peroxides, peroxyacids and their derivatives           Pharma
2918.99.05   p-Anisic acid; clofibrate and 3-phenoxybenzoic acid             Pharma
             Aromatic drugs derived from carboxylic acids with
2918.99.30   additional oxygen function, and their derivatives, nesoi        Pharma
             Aromatic carboxylic acids with additional oxygen function
             and their anhydrides, halides, peroxides, peroxyacids and
             their derivatives, described in additional U.S. note 3 to
2918.99.43   section VI of the HTSUS, nesoi                                  Pharma
             Other aromatic carboxylic acids with additional oxygen
             function and their anhydrides, halides, peroxides,
             peroxyacids and their derivatives (excluding goods described
2918.99.47   in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS)           Pharma
             Nonaromatic carboxylic acids with additional oxygen
2918.99.50   function, and their derivatives, nesoi                          Pharma
2919.10.00   Tris(2,3-dibromopropyl phosphate)                               Pharma
             Aromatic phosphoric esters and their salts, including
             lactophosphates, and their derivatives, not used as
2919.90.30   plasticizers                                                    Pharma
             Nonaromatic phosphoric esters and their salts, including
2919.90.50   lactophosphates, and their derivatives                          Pharma
             Other aromatic thiophosphoric esters (phosphorothioates),
             their salts and their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
2920.19.40   nitrosated derivatives                                          Pharma


                                     71
                                                                             Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                     Limitations
             Nonaromatic phosphorothioates, their salts and their
             halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives,
2920.19.50   nesoi                                                           Pharma
2920.21.00   Dimethyl phosphite                                              Pharma
2920.22.00   Diethyl phosphite                                               Pharma
2920.23.00   Trimethyl phosphite                                             Pharma
2920.24.00   Triethyl phosphite                                              Pharma
             Other phosphite esters, their salts and their halogenated,
2920.29.00   sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives                  Pharma
2920.30.00   Endosulfan (ISO)                                                Pharma
             Aromatic esters of other inorganic acids (excluding hydrogen
2920.90.20   halides), their salts and their derivatives, nesoi              Pharma
             Nonaromatic esters of inorganic acids of nonmetals, their
             salts and derivatives, excluding esters of hydrogen halides,
2920.90.51   nesoi                                                           Pharma
2921.11.00   Methylamine, di- or trimethylamine, and their salts             Pharma
2921.14.00   2-(N,N,-Diisopropylamino)ethyl chloride hydrochloride           Pharma
             Mono- and triethylamines; mono-, di-, and tri(propyl- and
2921.19.11   butyl-) monoamines; salts of any of the foregoing               Pharma
             N,N-Dialkyl (methyl, ethyl, n-Propyl or Isopropyl)-2-
             Chloroethylamines and their protonated salts; Acyclic
2921.19.61   monoamines and their derivatives, nesoi                         Pharma
             Acyclic polyamines, their derivatives and salts, other than
2921.29.00   ethylenediamine or hexamethylenediamine and their salts         Pharma
             Cyclanic, cyclenic or cycloterpenic mono- or polyamines,
             derivatives and salts, from any aromatic compound described
2921.30.10   in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS            Pharma
             Cyclanic, cyclenic, cycloterpenic mono- or polyamines and
             their derivatives and salts, derived from any aromatic
             compound (excluding goods described in additional U.S.
2921.30.30   note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS)                              Pharma
             Cyclanic, cyclenic or cycloterpenic mono- or polyamines,
             and their derivatives and salts, derived from any nonaromatic
2921.30.50   compounds                                                       Pharma
2921.41.10   Aniline                                                         Pharma
2921.41.20   Aniline salts                                                   Pharma
             Aniline derivatives and their salts thereof, described in
2921.42.65   additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS               Pharma
2921.42.90   Other aniline derivatives and their salts                       Pharma
             Toluidines and their derivatives and salts thereof, described
2921.43.40   in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS            Pharma

                                     72
                                                                               Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                       Limitations
             Aromatic monoamines and their derivatives and salts thereof,
             described in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the
2921.45.60   HTSUS, nesoi                                                      Pharma
             Aromatic monoamines and their derivatives and salts thereof
2921.45.90   nesoi                                                             Pharma
             Amfetamine (INN), benzfetamine (INN), dexamfetamine
             (INN), etilamfetamine (INN), and other specified INNs; salts
2921.46.00   thereof                                                           Pharma
             Aromatic monoamine antidepressants, tranquilizers and other
2921.49.38   psychotherapeutic agents,                                         Pharma
2921.49.43   Aromatic monoamine drugs, nesoi                                   Pharma
             Aromatic monoamines and their derivatives and salts thereof
             nesoi, described in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the
2921.49.45   HTSUS                                                             Pharma
             Aromatic monoamines and their derivatives and salts thereof,
2921.49.50   nesoi                                                             Pharma
             Aromatic polyamines and their derivatives and salts thereof,
             described in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the
2921.59.40   HTSUS                                                             Pharma
             Aromatic polyamines and their derivatives and salts thereof
2921.59.80   nesoi                                                             Pharma
2922.11.00   Monoethanolamine and its salts                                    Pharma
2922.12.00   Diethanolamine and its salts                                      Pharma
2922.14.00   Dextropropoxyphene (INN) and its salts                            Pharma
2922.15.00   Triethanolamine                                                   Pharma
2922.16.00   Diethylammonium perfluorooctane sulfonate                         Pharma
2922.17.00   Methyldiethanolamine and ethyldiethanolamine                      Pharma
2922.18.00   2-(N,N-Diisopropylamino)ethanol                                   Pharma
             Aromatic amino-alcohols drugs, their ethers and esters, other
             than those containing more than one kind of oxygen
2922.19.09   function, and their salts thereof; nesoi                          Pharma
             4,4'-Bis(dimethylamino)benzhydrol (Michler's hydrol) and
             other specified aromatic amino-alcohols, their ethers and
2922.19.20   esters, and salts thereof                                         Pharma
             N1-(2-Hydroxyethyl-2-nitro-1,4-phenylendiamine;
             N1,N4,N4-tris(2-hydroxyethyl)-2-nitro-1,4-
2922.19.33   phenylenediamine; and other specified chemicals                   Pharma
             Aromatic amino-alcohols, their ethers and esters, other than
             those containing more than one oxygen function, described
2922.19.60   in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS              Pharma
             Other aromatic amino-alcohols, their ethers and esters, other
2922.19.70   than those containing more than one oxygen function               Pharma
                                      73
                                                                              Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                      Limitations
             (excluding goods described in additional U.S. note 3 to
             section VI of the HTSUS)
2922.19.90   Salts of triethanolamine                                         Pharma
             Amino-alcohols, other than those containing more than one
             kind of oxygen function, their ethers and esters and salts
2922.19.96   thereof, nesoi                                                   Pharma
             1-Amino-8-hydroxy-3,6-naphthalenedisulfonic acid; and
             other specified aminohydroxynaphthalenesulfonic acids and
2922.21.10   their salts                                                      Pharma
             1-Amino-8-hydroxy-4,6-naphthalenedisulfonic acid,
2922.21.25   monosodium salts                                                 Pharma
             Aminohydroxynaphthalene sulfonic acids and their salts,
             described in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the
2922.21.40   HTSUS                                                            Pharma
             Aminohydroxynaphthalene sulfonic acids and their salts,
2922.21.50   nesoi                                                            Pharma
2922.29.03   o-Anisidine; p-anisidine; and p-phenetidine                      Pharma
             m-Nitro-p-anisidine and m-nitro-o-anisidine as fast color
2922.29.06   bases                                                            Pharma
2922.29.08   m-Nitro-p-anisidine and m-nitro-o-anisidine, nesoi               Pharma
             2-Amino-6-chloro-4-nitrophenol and other specified amino-
             naphthols and amino-phenols, their ethers and esters; salts
2922.29.10   thereof                                                          Pharma
             o-Aminophenol; and 2,2-bis-[4-(4-
2922.29.13   aminophenoxy)phenyl]propane                                      Pharma
             m-Diethylaminophenol; m-dimethylaminophenol; 3-
2922.29.15   ethylamino-p-cresol; and 5-methoxy-m-phenylenediamine            Pharma
2922.29.20   4-Chloro-2,5-dimethoxyaniline; and 2,4-dimethoxyaniline          Pharma
             Amino-naphthols and other amino-phenols and their
2922.29.26   derivatives used as fast color bases                             Pharma
             Drugs of amino-naphthols and -phenols, their ethers and
             esters, except those containing more than one oxygen
2922.29.27   function, and salts thereof, nesoi                               Pharma
             Photographic chemicals of amino-naphthols and -phenols,
             their ethers and esters, except those containing more than one
2922.29.29   oxygen function, and salts thereof, nesoi                        Pharma
             Amino-naphthols and other amino-phenols and their
             derivatives, described in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI
2922.29.61   of the HTSUS                                                     Pharma
             Amino-naphthols and other amino-phenols, their ethers and
             esters (not containing more than one oxygen function), and
2922.29.81   salts thereof, nesoi                                             Pharma

                                      74
                                                                             Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                     Limitations
             Amfepramone (INN), methadone (INN) and normethadone
2922.31.00   (INN), and salts thereof                                        Pharma
             1-Amino-2,4-dibromoanthraquinone and 2-Amino-5-
2922.39.05   chlorobenzophenone                                              Pharma
             2'-Amino aceto phenone and other specified aromatic amino-
             aldehydes, -ketones and -quinones, other than those with
2922.39.10   more than one oxygen function                                   Pharma
2922.39.14   2-Aminoanthraquinone                                            Pharma
2922.39.17   1-Aminoanthraquinone                                            Pharma
             Aromatic amino-aldehydes, -ketones and -quinones, other
             than those with more than one oxygen function, and salts
             thereof, described in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of
2922.39.25   the HTSUS                                                       Pharma
             Aromatic amino-aldehydes, -ketones and -quinones, other
             than those with more than one oxygen function, and salts
2922.39.45   thereof, nesoi                                                  Pharma
             Nonaromatic amino-aldehydes, -ketones and -quinones,
             other than those with more than one kind of oxygen function,
2922.39.50   and salts thereof, nesoi                                        Pharma
2922.41.00   Lysine and its esters and salts thereof                         Pharma
2922.42.10   Monosodium glutamate                                            Pharma
             Glutamic acid and its salts, other than monosodium
2922.42.50   glutamate                                                       Pharma
             Anthranilic acid and its salts, described in additional U.S.
2922.43.10   note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS                               Pharma
2922.43.50   Anthranilic acid and its salts, nesoi                           Pharma
2922.44.00   Tildine (INN) and its salts                                     Pharma
             (R)-α-Aminobenzeneacetic acid; and 2-amino-3-
2922.49.05   chlorobenzoic acid, methyl ester                                Pharma
             m-Aminobenzoic acid, technical; and other specified
             aromatic amino-acids and their esters, except those with
2922.49.10   more than one oxygen function                                   Pharma
             Aromatic amino-acids drugs and their esters, not containing
2922.49.26   more than one kind of oxygen function, nesoi                    Pharma
             Aromatic amino-acids and their esters, excluding those with
             more than one oxygen function, and their salts, described in
2922.49.30   additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS               Pharma
             Aromatic amino-acids and their esters, not containing more
             than one oxygen function (excluding goods described in
2922.49.37   additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS), nesoi       Pharma
2922.49.43   Glycine (aminoacetic acid)                                      Pharma

                                     75
                                                                            Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                    Limitations
             Nonaromatic amino-acids, other than those containing more
2922.49.49   than one oxygen function, other than glycine                   Pharma
             3-Aminocrotonic acid, methyl ester; and (R)-α-amino-1,4-
2922.49.60   cyclohexadiene-1-acetic acid                                   Pharma
             Non-aromatic esters of amino-acids, other than those
2922.49.80   containing more than one oxygen function, and salts thereof    Pharma
             3,4-Diaminophenetole dihydrogen sulfate, 2-nitro-5-[(2,3-
             dihydroxy)propoxy]-N-methylaniline and other specified
2922.50.07   aromatic chemicals                                             Pharma
             Specified aromatic amino-alcohol-phenols, amino-acid-
2922.50.10   phenols and other amino-compounds with oxygen function         Pharma
             Salts of d(-)-p-Hydroxyphenylglycine ((R)- α-Amino-4-
2922.50.11   hydroxybenzeneacetic acid)                                     Pharma
             Isoetharine hydrochloride and other specified aromatic drugs
2922.50.13   of amino-compounds with oxygen function                        Pharma
             Other aromatic cardiovascular drugs of amino-compounds
2922.50.14   with oxygen function                                           Pharma
             Aromatic dermatological agents and local anesthetics of
2922.50.17   amino-compounds with oxygen function                           Pharma
             Aromatic guaiacol derivatives of amino-compounds with
2922.50.19   oxygen function                                                Pharma
             Aromatic drugs of amino-compounds with oxygen function,
2922.50.25   nesoi                                                          Pharma
             Aromatic amino-alcohol-phenols, amino-acid-phenols and
             other amino-compounds with oxygen function described in
2922.50.35   additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS              Pharma
             Aromatic amino-alcohol-phenols, amino-acid-phenols and
2922.50.40   other amino-compounds with oxygen function, nesoi              Pharma
             Nonaromatic amino-alcohol-phenols, amino-acid-phenols
2922.50.50   and other amino-compounds with oxygen function                 Pharma
2923.10.00   Choline and its salts                                          Pharma
             Purified egg phospholipids, pharmaceutical grade meeting
             requirements of the U.S. FDA, for use in intravenous fat
2923.20.10   emulsion                                                       Pharma
2923.20.20   Lecithins and other phosphoaminolipids, nesoi                  Pharma
2923.30.00   Tetraethylammonium perfluorooctane sulfonate                   Pharma
2923.40.00   Didecylmethylammonium perfluorooctane sulfonate                Pharma
             Quaternary ammonium salts and hydroxides, whether or not
2923.90.01   chemically defined, nesoi                                      Pharma
2924.11.00   Meprobamate (INN)                                              Pharma
             Fluoroacetamide (ISO), monocrotophos (ISO) and
2924.12.00   phosphamidon (ISO)                                             Pharma
                                     76
                                                                            Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                    Limitations
2924.19.11   Acyclic amides (including acyclic carbamates)                  Pharma
2924.19.80   Acyclic amide derivatives and salts thereof; nesoi             Pharma
2924.21.16   Aromatic ureines and their derivatives, nesoi                  Pharma
             Aromatic ureines, their derivatives and salts thereof,
             described in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the
2924.21.20   HTSUS                                                          Pharma
2924.21.45   Aromatic ureines, their derivatives and salts thereof, nesoi   Pharma
2924.21.50   Nonaromatic ureines and their derivatives; and salts thereof   Pharma
             2-Acetamidobenzoic acid salts described in additional U.S.
2924.23.70   note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS                              Pharma
2924.23.75   2-Acetamidobenzoic acid salts, nesoi                           Pharma
2924.24.00   Ethinamate (INN)                                               Pharma
2924.25.00   Alachlor (ISO)                                                 Pharma
             p-Acetanisidide; p-acetoacetatoluidide; 4'-amino-N-
             methylacetanilide; 2,5-dimethoxyacetanilide; and N-(7-
2924.29.01   hydroxy-1-naphthyl)acetamide                                   Pharma
2924.29.03   3,5-Dinitro-o-toluamide                                        Pharma
             Biligrafin acid; 3,5-diacetamido-2,4,6-triiodobenzoic acid;
2924.29.05   and metrizoic acid                                             Pharma
             Acetanilide; N-acetylsulfanilyl chloride; aspartame; and 2-
2924.29.10   methoxy-5-acetamino-N,N-bis(2-acetoxyethyl)aniline             Pharma
             4-Aminoacetanilide; 2-2-oxamidobis[ethyl-3-(3,5-di-tert-
             butyl-4-hydroxyphenyl)propionate]; and other specified
2924.29.23   cyclic amide chemicals                                         Pharma
2924.29.26   3-Aminomethoxybenzanilide                                      Pharma
             N-[[(4-Chlorophenyl)amino]carbonyl]difluorobenzamide;
             and 3,5-dichloro-N-(1,1-dimethyl-2-propynyl)benzamide
2924.29.28   (pronamide)                                                    Pharma
             3-Hydroxy-2-naphthanilide; 3-hydroxy-2-naphtho-o-
             toluidide; 3-hydroxy-2-naphtho-o-anisidine; 3-hydroxy-2-
2924.29.33   naphtho-o-phenetidide; and other                               Pharma
2924.29.57   Diethylaminoacetoxylidide (Lidocaine)                          Pharma
             Other aromatic cyclic amides and derivatives for use as
2924.29.62   drugs                                                          Pharma
2924.29.65   5-Bromoacetyl-2-salicylamide                                   Pharma
             Aromatic cyclic amides and their derivatives, described in
2924.29.71   additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS, nesoi       Pharma
             Aromatic cyclic amides (including cyclic carbamates), their
2924.29.77   derivatives and salts thereof, nesoi                           Pharma
2924.29.80   2,2-Dimethylcyclopropylcarboxamide                             Pharma


                                     77
                                                                             Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                     Limitations
             Other nonaromatic cyclic amides, their derivatives and salts
2924.29.95   thereof; nesoi                                                  Pharma
2925.12.00   Glutethimide (INN)                                              Pharma
             Other aromatic imides, their derivatives and salts thereof;
2925.19.42   nesoi                                                           Pharma
2925.19.91   Other non-aromatic imides and their derivatives                 Pharma
2925.21.00   Chlordimeform (ISO)                                             Pharma
             N'-(4-Chloro-o-tolyl)-N,N-dimethylformamidine;
2925.29.10   bunamidine hydrochloride; and pentamidine                       Pharma
             N,N'-Diphenylguanidine; 3-Dimethyl amino
             methyleneiminophenol hydrochloride; 1,3-Di-o-
             tolylguanidine; and N,N-Dimethyl-N'-[3-[[(methylamino)
             carbonyl]- oxy] phenyl] methanimidamide monohydro-
2925.29.18   chloride                                                        Pharma
2925.29.20   Aromatic drugs of imines and their derivatives, nesoi           Pharma
             Aromatic imines, their derivatives and salts thereof
2925.29.60   (excluding drugs), nesoi                                        Pharma
2925.29.70   Tetramethylguanidine                                            Pharma
2925.29.90   Non-aromatic imines, their derivatives and salts thereof        Pharma
2926.30.10   Fenproporex (INN) and its salts                                 Pharma
2926.40.00   alpha-Phenylacetoacetonitrile                                   Pharma
2926.90.14   p-Chlorobenzonitrile and verapamil hydrochloride                Pharma
             Aromatic nitrile-function compounds, nesoi, described in
2926.90.43   additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS               Pharma
             Aromatic nitrile-function compounds other than those
             products described in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of
2926.90.48   the HTSUS, nesoi                                                Pharma
2926.90.50   Nonaromatic nitrile-function compounds, nesoi                   Pharma
             Diazo-, azo- or azoxy-compounds, nesoi, described in
2927.00.40   additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS               Pharma
2927.00.50   Other diazo-, azo- or azoxy-compounds, nesoi                    Pharma
2928.00.10   Methyl ethyl ketoxime                                           Pharma
2928.00.15   Phenylhydrazine                                                 Pharma
             Aromatic organic derivatives of hydrazine or of
2928.00.25   hydroxylamine                                                   Pharma
             Nonaromatic drugs of organic derivatives of hydrazine or of
2928.00.30   hydroxylamine, other than Methyl ethyl ketoxime                 Pharma
             Nonaromatic organic derivatives of hydrazine or of
2928.00.50   hydroxylamine, nesoi                                            Pharma



                                      78
                                                                          Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                  Limitations
             2,2-Bis(4-cyanatophenyl)-1,1,1,3,3,3,-hexafluoropropane;
             2,2-bis(4-cyanatophenyl)propane; 1,1-ethylidenebis(phenyl-
2929.90.05   4-cyanate); and 2 others                                     Pharma
             Other aromatic compounds with other nitrogen function,
             described in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the
2929.90.15   HTSUS                                                        Pharma
2929.90.20   Aromatic compounds with other nitrogen function, nesoi       Pharma
             Nonaromatic compounds with other nitrogen functions,
2929.90.50   except isocyanates                                           Pharma
2930.10.01   2-(N,N-Dimethylamino) ethanethiol                            Pharma
             Aromatic compounds of thiocarbamates and
2930.20.20   dithiocarbamates, excluding pesticides                       Pharma
2930.20.90   Other non-aromatic thiocarbamates and dithiocarbamates       Pharma
             Thiuram mono-, di- or tetrasulfides, other than
2930.30.60   tetramethylthiuram monosulfide                               Pharma
2930.40.00   Methionine                                                   Pharma
2930.60.00   2-(N,N-Diethylamino)ethanethiol                              Pharma
2930.70.00   Bis(2-hydroxyethyl)sulfide (thiodiglycol (INN))              Pharma
             Other aromatic organo-sulfur compounds (excluding
2930.90.29   pesticides)                                                  Pharma
2930.90.49   Nonaromatic organo-sulfur acids, nesoi                       Pharma
2930.90.92   Other non-aromatic organo-sulfur compounds                   Pharma
2931.41.00   Dimethyl methylphosphonate                                   Pharma
2931.42.00   Dimethyl propylphosphonate                                   Pharma
2931.43.00   Diethyl ethylphosphonate                                     Pharma
2931.44.00   Methylphosphonic acid                                        Pharma
             Salt of methylphosphonic acid and (aminoiminomethyl)urea
2931.45.00   (1:1)                                                        Pharma
             2,4,6-Tripropyl-1,3,5,2,4,6-trioxatriphosphinane 2,4,6-
2931.46.00   trioxide                                                     Pharma
             (5-Ethyl-2-methyl-2-oxido-1,3,2-dioxaphosphinan-5-yl)
2931.47.00   methyl methyl methylphosphonate                              Pharma
             3,9-Dimethyl-2,4,8,10-tetraoxa-3,9-diphosphaspiro [5.5]
2931.48.00   undecane 3,9-dioxide                                         Pharma
2931.49.00   Other non-halogenated organo-phosphorous derivatives         Pharma
2931.51.00   Methylphosphonic dichloride                                  Pharma
2931.52.00   Propylphosphonic dichloride                                  Pharma
             O-(3-chloropropyl) O-[4-nitro-3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]
2931.53.00   methylphosphonothionate                                      Pharma
2931.54.00   Trichlorfon (ISO)                                            Pharma
2931.59.00   Other halogenated organo-phosphorous derivatives             Pharma
                                    79
                                                                             Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                     Limitations
2931.90.22   Drugs of aromatic organo-inorganic compounds                    Pharma
             Aromatic organo-inorganic compounds, nesoi, described in
2931.90.30   additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS               Pharma
             Other aromatic organo-inorganic compounds (excluding
             products described in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of
2931.90.60   the HTSUS)                                                      Pharma
2931.90.90   Other non-aromatic organo-inorganic compounds                   Pharma
2932.11.00   Tetrahydrofuran                                                 Pharma
2932.14.00   Sucralose                                                       Pharma
             Aromatic heterocyclic compounds with oxygen hetero-
2932.19.10   atom(s) only, containing an unfused furan ring, nesoi           Pharma
             Nonaromatic compounds containing an unfused furan ring
2932.19.51   (whether or not hydrogenated) in the ring                       Pharma
2932.20.05   Coumarin, methylcoumarins and ethylcoumarins                    Pharma
2932.20.20   Aromatic drugs of lactones                                      Pharma
2932.20.25   4-Hydroxycoumarin                                               Pharma
             Aromatic lactones, nesoi, described in additional U.S. note 3
2932.20.30   to section VI of the HTSUS                                      Pharma
2932.20.45   Aromatic lactones, nesoi                                        Pharma
2932.20.50   Nonaromatic lactones                                            Pharma
2932.95.00   Tetrahydrocannabinols (all isomers)                             Pharma
             2,2-Dimethyl-1,3-benzodioxol-4-yl methylcarbamate
2932.99.04   (Bendiocarb)                                                    Pharma
             2-Ethoxy-2,3-dihydro-3,3-dimethyl-5-
2932.99.08   benzofuranylmethanesulfonate                                    Pharma
             Aromatic pesticides of heterocyclic compounds with oxygen
2932.99.21   hetero-atom(s) only, nesoi                                      Pharma
             Benzofuran (Coumarone); and Dibenzofuran (Diphenylene
2932.99.32   oxide)                                                          Pharma
2932.99.35   2-Hydroxy-3-dibenzofurancarboxylic acid                         Pharma
2932.99.39   Benzointetrahydropyranyl ester; and Xanthen-9-one               Pharma
             Bis-O-[(4-methylphenyl)methylene]-D-glucitol
2932.99.55   (Dimethylbenzylidene sorbitol); and Rhodamine 2C base           Pharma
             Aromatic heterocyclic compounds with oxygen hetero-
             atom(s) only, described in additional U.S. note 3 to section
2932.99.61   VI of the HTSUS, nesoi                                          Pharma
             Aromatic heterocyclic compounds with oxygen hetero-
2932.99.70   atom(s) only, nesoi                                             Pharma
             Nonaromatic heterocyclic compounds with oxygen hetero-
2932.99.90   atom(s) only, nesoi                                             Pharma
2933.11.00   Phenazone (Antipyrine) and its derivatives                      Pharma

                                     80
                                                                             Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                     Limitations
             3-(5-Amino-3-methyl-1H-pyrazol-1-yl)benzenesulfonic acid;
2933.19.08   amino-J-pyrazolone; and another 12 specified chemicals          Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic drugs of heterocyclic
             compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only, containing an
2933.19.35   unfused pyrazole ring                                           Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic compounds, described in
             additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS,
             containing an unfused pyrazole ring (whether or not
2933.19.37   hydrogenated) in the structure                                  Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic compounds (excluding
             products described in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of
             the HTSUS), containing an unfused pyrazole ring in the
2933.19.43   structure                                                       Pharma
             Nonaromatic drugs of heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen
2933.19.45   hetero-atom(s) only, containing an unfused pyrazole ring        Pharma
             Other compounds (excluding aromatic or modified aromatic
             compounds and drugs) containing an unfused pyrazole ring
2933.19.90   (whether or not hydrogenated) in the structure                  Pharma
2933.21.00   Hydantoin and its derivatives                                   Pharma
             1-[1-((4-Chloro-2-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl)imino)-2-
             propoxyethyl]-1H-imidazole (triflumizole); and Ethylene
2933.29.05   thiourea                                                        Pharma
2933.29.10   2-Phenylimidazole                                               Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic drugs of heterocyclic
             compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only, containing an
2933.29.20   unfused imidazole ring                                          Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic goods, described in
             additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS,
             containing an unfused imidazole ring (whether or not
2933.29.35   hydrogenated) in structure                                      Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic goods containing an unfused
             imidazole ring (whether or not hydrogenated) in the structure
             (excluding products described in additional U.S. note 3 to
2933.29.43   section VI of the HTSUS)                                        Pharma
             Nonaromatic drugs of heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen
             hetero-atom(s) only, containing an unfused imidazole ring,
2933.29.45   nesoi                                                           Pharma
2933.29.60   Imidazole                                                       Pharma
             Other compounds (excluding drugs, aromatic and modified
             aromatic compounds) containing an unfused imidazole ring
2933.29.90   (whether or not hydrogenated)                                   Pharma
2933.31.00   Pyridine and its salts                                          Pharma

                                     81
                                                                            Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                    Limitations
             Alfentanil (INN), anileridine (INN), bezitramide (INN),
             bromazepam (INN), difenoxin (INN), and other specified
2933.33.01   INNs; salts thereof                                            Pharma
             Other fentanyls and their derivatives, containing an unfused
2933.34.00   pyrazole ring                                                  Pharma
2933.35.00   3-Quinuclidinol                                                Pharma
2933.36.00   4-Anilino-N-phenethylpiperidine (ANPP)                         Pharma
2933.37.00   N-Phenethyl-4-piperidone (NPP)                                 Pharma
             1-(3-Sulfapropyl)pryidinium hydroxide; N,N-bis(2,2,6,6-
             tetramethyl-4-piperidinyl)-1,6-hexanediamine; and 5 other
2933.39.08   specified chemicals                                            Pharma
2933.39.10   Collidines, lutidines and picolines                            Pharma
             p-Chloro-2-benzylpyridine and other specified heterocyclic
             compounds, with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only, containing an
2933.39.20   unfused pyridine ring                                          Pharma
             Fungicides of heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-
2933.39.21   atom(s) only, containing an unfused pyridine ring              Pharma
2933.39.23   o-Paraquat dichloride                                          Pharma
             Herbicides nesoi, of heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen
2933.39.25   hetero-atom(s) only, containing an unfused pyridine ring       Pharma
             Pesticides nesoi, of heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen
2933.39.27   hetero-atom(s) only, containing an unfused pyridine ring       Pharma
             Psychotherapeutic agents of heterocyclic compounds with
             nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only, containing an unfused pyridine
2933.39.31   ring, nesoi                                                    Pharma
             Drugs containing an unfused pyridine ring (whether or not
2933.39.41   hydrogenated) in the structure, nesoi                          Pharma
             Heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only,
             containing an unfused pyridine ring, described in additional
2933.39.61   U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS                         Pharma
             Heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only,
2933.39.92   containing an unfused pyridine ring, nesoi                     Pharma
2933.41.00   Levorphenol (INN) and its salts                                Pharma
2933.49.08   4,7-Dichloroquinoline                                          Pharma
2933.49.10   Ethoxyquin (1,2-Dihydro-6-ethoxy-2,2,4-trimethylquinoline)     Pharma
2933.49.15   8-Methylquinoline and Isoquinoline                             Pharma
             Ethyl ethyl-6,7,8-trifluoro-1,4-dihydro-4-oxo-3-quinoline
2933.49.17   carboxylate                                                    Pharma
             5-Chloro-7-iodo-8-quinolinol (Iodochlorhydroxyquin);
2933.49.20   Decoquinate; Diiodohydroxyquin; and Oxyquinoline sulfate       Pharma
             Drugs containing a quinoline or isoquinoline ring-system
2933.49.26   (whether or not hydrogenated), not further fused, nesoi        Pharma
                                     82
                                                                             Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                     Limitations
             Pesticides of heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-
             atom(s) only, containing a quinoline or isoquinoline ring-
2933.49.30   system, not further fused                                       Pharma
             Products described in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of
             the HTSUS containing quinoline or isoquinoline ring-system
2933.49.60   (whether or not hydrogenated), not further fused                Pharma
             Heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only,
2933.49.70   containing a quinoline ring-system, not further fused, nesoi    Pharma
2933.52.10   Malonylurea (barbituric acid)                                   Pharma
2933.52.90   Salts of barbituric acid                                        Pharma
             Allobarbital (INN), amobarbital (INN), barbital (INN),
             butalbital (INN), butobarbital, and other specified INNs;
2933.53.00   salts thereof                                                   Pharma
             Other derivatives of malonylurea (barbituric acid); salts
2933.54.00   thereof                                                         Pharma
             Loprazolam (INN), mecloqualone (INN), methaqualone
2933.55.00   (INN) and zipeprol (INN); salts thereof                         Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic herbicides of heterocyclic
             compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only, containing a
2933.59.10   pyrimidine or piperazine ring                                   Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic pesticides nesoi, of
             heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only,
2933.59.15   containing a pyrimidine or piperazine ring                      Pharma
             Nonaromatic pesticides of heterocyclic compounds with
             nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only, containing a pyrimidine or
2933.59.18   piperazine ring, nesoi                                          Pharma
             Antihistamines, including those principally used as
2933.59.21   antinauseants                                                   Pharma
2933.59.22   Nicarbazin and trimethoprim                                     Pharma
             Anti-infective agents nesoi, of heterocyclic compounds with
             nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only, containing a pyrimidine or
2933.59.36   piperazine ring                                                 Pharma
             Psychotherapeutic agents of heterocyclic compounds with
             nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only, containing a pyrimidine or
2933.59.46   piperazine ring, nesoi                                          Pharma
             Other aromatic or modified aromatic drugs containing a
             pyrimidine ring (whether or not hydrogenated) or piperazine
2933.59.53   ring in the structure                                           Pharma
             Nonaromatic drugs of heterocyclic compounds nesoi, with
             nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only, containing a pyrimidine or
2933.59.59   piperazine ring                                                 Pharma


                                     83
                                                                              Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                      Limitations
             Aromatic heterocyclic compounds nesoi, with nitrogen
             hetero-atom(s) only, containing a pyrimidine or piperazine
             ring, described in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the
2933.59.70   HTSUS                                                            Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic heterocyclic compounds
             nesoi, with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only, containing a
2933.59.80   pyrimidine or piperazine ring                                    Pharma
             2-Amino-4-chloro-6-methoxypyrimidine; 2-amino-4,6-
2933.59.85   dimethoxypyrimidine; and 6-methyluracil                          Pharma
             Other (excluding aromatic or modified aromatic) compounds
             containing a pyrimidine ring (whether or not hydrogenated)
2933.59.95   or piperazine ring in the structure                              Pharma
2933.69.50   Hexamethylenetetramine                                           Pharma
             Other compounds containing an unfused triazine ring
2933.69.60   (whether or not hydrogenated) in the structure                   Pharma
2933.72.00   Clobazam (INN) and methyprylon (INN)                             Pharma
2933.79.04   2,4-Dihydro-3,6-diphenylpyrrolo-(3,4-C)pyrrole-1,4-dione         Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic lactams with nitrogen hetero-
             atoms only, described in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI
2933.79.08   of the HTSUS                                                     Pharma
2933.79.15   Aromatic or modified aromatic lactams, nesoi                     Pharma
2933.79.20   N-Methyl-2-pyrrolidone; and 2-pyrrolidone                        Pharma
2933.79.30   N-Vinyl-2-pyrrolidone, monomer                                   Pharma
2933.79.40   12-Aminododecanoic acid lactam                                   Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic lactams with nitrogen hetero-
2933.79.85   atoms only, nesoi                                                Pharma
             Alprazolam (INN), camazepam (INN), chlordiazepoxide
             (INN), clonazepam (INN), clorazepate, and other specified
2933.91.00   INNs; salts thereof                                              Pharma
             Butyl (R)-2-[4-(5-triflouromethyl-2-
2933.99.01   pyridinyloxy)phenoxy]propanoate                                  Pharma
             2-[4-[(6-Chloro-2-quinoxalinyl)oxy]phenoxy]propionic acid,
2933.99.02   ethyl ester; and 1 other specified aromatic chemical             Pharma
2933.99.05   Acridine and indole                                              Pharma
             α-Butyl-α-(4-chlorophenyl)-1H-1,2,4-triazole-1-
             propanenitrile (Mycolbutanil); and one other specified
2933.99.06   aromatic chemical                                                Pharma
             Acetoacetyl-5-aminobenzimidazolone; 1,3,3-Trimethyl-2-
             methyleneindoline; and two other specified aromatic
2933.99.08   chemicals                                                        Pharma
2933.99.11   Carbazole                                                        Pharma

                                      84
                                                                           Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                   Limitations
             6-Bromo-5-methyl-1H-imidazo-(4,5-b)pyridine; 2-sec-butyl-
             4-tert-butyl-6-(benzotriazol-2-yl)phenol; 2-methylindoline;
2933.99.12   and other chemicals specified                                 Pharma
2933.99.14   5-Amino-4-chloro-a-phenyl-3-pyridazinone                      Pharma
             o-Diquat dibromide (1,1-Ethylene-2,2’-dipyridylium
2933.99.16   dibromide)                                                    Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic insecticides with nitrogen
2933.99.17   hetero-atom(s) only, nesoi                                    Pharma
             Other heterocyclic aromatic or modified aromatic pesticides
2933.99.22   with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only, nesoi                      Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic photographic chemicals with
2933.99.24   nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only                                  Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic antihistamines of
2933.99.26   heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only      Pharma
             Acriflavin; Acriflavin hydrochloride; Carbadox;
2933.99.42   Pyrazinamide                                                  Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic anti-infective agents of
             heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only,
2933.99.46   nesoi                                                         Pharma
2933.99.51   Hydralazine hydrochloride                                     Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic cardiovascular drugs of
             heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only,
2933.99.53   nesoi                                                         Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic analgesics and certain like
             affecting chemicals, of heterocyclic compounds with
2933.99.55   nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only                                  Pharma
2933.99.58   Droperidol; and Imipramine hydrochloride                      Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic psychotherapeutic agents,
             affecting the central nervous system, of heterocyclic
2933.99.61   compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only, nesoi            Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic anticonvulsants, hypnotics
             and sedatives, of heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen
2933.99.65   hetero-atom(s) only, nesoi                                    Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic drugs affecting the central
             nervous system, of heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen
2933.99.70   atom(s) only, nesoi                                           Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic drugs of heterocyclic
2933.99.75   compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only, nesoi            Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic compounds with nitrogen
             hetero-atom(s) only, described in additional U.S. note 3 to
2933.99.79   section VI of the HTSUS                                       Pharma


                                    85
                                                                              Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                      Limitations
             Aromatic or modified aromatic compounds with nitrogen
             hetero-atom(s) only, excluding products described in
2933.99.82   additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS, nesoi         Pharma
2933.99.85   3-Amino-1,2,4-triazole                                           Pharma
2933.99.89   Hexamethyleneimine                                               Pharma
             Nonaromatic drugs of heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen
2933.99.90   hetero-atom(s) only, nesoi                                       Pharma
             Nonaromatic heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-
2933.99.97   atom(s) only, nesoi                                              Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic heterocyclic compounds
             containing an unfused thiazole ring, described in additional
2934.10.10   U.S. note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS                           Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic heterocyclic compounds,
2934.10.20   nesoi, containing an unfused thiazole ring                       Pharma
             4,5-Dichloro-2-n-octyl-4-isothiazolin-3-one; thiothiamine
2934.10.70   hydrochloride; and 4 other specified chemicals                   Pharma
             Other (excluding aromatic or modified aromatic) compounds
             containing an unfused thiazole ring (whether or not
2934.10.90   hydrogenated) in the structure                                   Pharma
             Heterocyclic compounds containing a benzothiazole ring-
             system, not further fused, described in additional U.S. note 3
2934.20.40   to section VI of the HTSUS                                       Pharma
             Other compounds containing a benzothiazole ring system
2934.20.80   (whether or not hydrogenated), not further fused                 Pharma
2934.30.18   Ethyl (1H-phenothiazin-2,4,1)carbamate                           Pharma
             Antidepressants, tranquilizers and other psychotherapeutic
             agents containing a phenothiazine ring-system, not further
2934.30.23   fused                                                            Pharma
             Other drugs containing a phenothiazine ring system (whether
2934.30.27   or not hydrogenated), not further fused, nesoi                   Pharma
             Products described in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of
             the HTSUS containing a phenothiazine ring system (whether
2934.30.43   or not hydrogenated), not further fused                          Pharma
             Heterocyclic compounds containing a phenothiazine ring-
             system (whether or not hydrogenated), not further fused,
2934.30.50   nesoi                                                            Pharma
             Aminorex (INN), brotizolam (INN), clotiazepam (INN),
             cloxazolam (INN), dextromoramide (INN), and other
2934.91.00   specified INNs; salts thereof                                    Pharma
             Other fentanyls and their derivatives, containing an unfused
2934.92.00   thiazole ring                                                    Pharma
2934.99.01   Mycophenolate mofetil                                            Pharma

                                      86
                                                                            Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                    Limitations
             2-Acetylbenzo(b)thiophene; and 2 other specified aromatic
2934.99.03   or modified aromatic compounds                                 Pharma
             5-Amino-3-phenyl-1,2,4-thiadiazole(3-Phenyl-5-amino-
             1,2,4-thiadiazole); and 3 other specified aromatic or
2934.99.05   modified aromatic heterocyclic compounds                       Pharma
2934.99.06   7-Nitronaphth[1,2]oxadiazole-5-sulfonic acid and its salts     Pharma
             Ethyl 2-[4-[(6-chloro-2-
2934.99.07   benzoxazoyl)oxy]phenoxy]propanoate (Fenoxaprop- ethyl)         Pharma
2934.99.08   2,5-Diphenyloxazole                                            Pharma
2934.99.09   1,2-Benzisothiazolin-3-one                                     Pharma
             2-tert-Butyl-4-(2,4-dichloro-5-isopropoxyphenyl)-Δ2-1,3,4-
2934.99.11   oxadiazolin-5-one; Bentazon; Phosalone                         Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic fungicides of other
2934.99.12   heterocyclic compounds, nesoi                                  Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic herbicides of other
2934.99.15   heterocyclic compounds, nesoi                                  Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic insecticides of other
2934.99.16   heterocyclic compounds, nesoi                                  Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic pesticides nesoi, of other
2934.99.18   heterocyclic compounds, nesoi                                  Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic photographic chemicals of
2934.99.20   other heterocyclic compounds, nesoi                            Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic drugs of other heterocyclic
2934.99.30   compounds, nesoi                                               Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic, other heterocyclic
             compounds, described in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI
2934.99.39   of the HTSUS                                                   Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic, other heterocyclic
2934.99.44   compounds, nesoi                                               Pharma
2934.99.47   Nonaromatic drugs of other heterocyclic compounds, nesoi       Pharma
             Morpholinoethyl chloride hydrochloride; 2-Methyl-2,5-
             dioxo-1-oxa-2-phospholan; and (6R-trans)-7-Amino-3-
             methyl-8-oxo-5- thia-1-azabicyclo[4.2.0]-oct-2-ene-2-
2934.99.70   carboxylic acid                                                Pharma
2934.99.90   Nonaromatic other heterocyclic compounds, nesoi                Pharma
2935.50.00   Other perfluorooctane sulfonamides                             Pharma
             4-Amino-6-chloro-m-benzenedisulfonamide and Methyl-4-
2935.90.06   aminobenzenesulfonylcarbamate (Asulam)                         Pharma
2935.90.10   2-Amino-N-Ethylbenzenesulfonanilide etc                        Pharma
             (5-[2-Chloro-4-(Trifluoromeythyl)phenoxy]-N-
2935.90.13   (Methylsulfonyl)-2-Nitrobenzamide)(fomesafen); etc             Pharma
2935.90.15   ortho-Toluenesulfonamide                                       Pharma
                                     87
                                                                             Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                     Limitations
2935.90.20   Sulfonamides used as fast color bases and fast color salts      Pharma
2935.90.29   Acetylsulfaguanidine                                            Pharma
2935.90.30   Sulfamethazine                                                  Pharma
             Acetylsulfisoxazole; Sulfacetamide, sodium; and
2935.90.32   Sulfamethazine, sodium                                          Pharma
2935.90.33   Sulfathiazole and Sulfathiazole, sodium                         Pharma
             Salicylazosulfapyridine (Sulfasalazine); Sulfadiazine;
2935.90.42   Sulfaguanidine; Sulfamerizine; and Sulfapyridine                Pharma
2935.90.48   Other sulfonamides used as anti-infective agents                Pharma
2935.90.60   Other sulfonamide drugs (excluding anti-infective agents)       Pharma
             Other sulfonamides (excluding fast color bases, fast color
             salts, and drugs) of products described in additional U.S.
2935.90.75   note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS                               Pharma
             Other sulfonamides, excluding fast color bases, fast color
             salts, and drugs and products described in additional U.S.
2935.90.95   note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS                               Pharma
             Vitamins A and their derivatives, unmixed, natural or
2936.21.00   synthesized
             Vitamin B1 (Thiamine) and its derivatives, unmixed, natural
2936.22.00   or synthesized
             Vitamin B2 (Riboflavin) and its derivatives, unmixed,
2936.23.00   natural or synthesized
             Vitamin B5 (D- or DL-Pantothenic acid) and its derivatives,
2936.24.01   unmixed, natural or synthesized
             Vitamin B6 (Pyridoxine and related compounds with
             Vitamin B6 activity) and its derivatives, unmixed, natural or
2936.25.00   synthesized
             Vitamin B12 (Cyanocobalamin and related compounds with
             Vitamin B12 activity) and its derivatives, unmixed, natural
2936.26.00   or synthesized
             Vitamin C (Ascorbic acid) and its derivatives, unmixed,
2936.27.00   natural or synthesized
             Vitamin E (Tocopherols and related compounds with
             Vitamin E activity) and its derivatives, unmixed, natural or
2936.28.00   synthesized
2936.29.10   Folic acid and its derivatives, unmixed
2936.29.16   Niacin and niacinamide
             Aromatic or modified aromatic vitamins and their
2936.29.20   derivatives, nesoi
2936.29.50   Other vitamins and their derivatives, nesoi
             Vitamins or provitamins (including natural concentrates) and
2936.90.01   intermixtures of the foregoing, whether or not in any solvent
                                     88
                                                                             Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                     Limitations
2937.11.00   Somatotropin, its derivatives and structural analogues
2937.12.00   Insulin and its salts
             Polypeptide hormones, protein hormones and glycoprotein
2937.19.00   hormones, their derivatives and structural analogues, nesoi
             Cortisone, hydrocortisone, prednisone (Dehydrocortisone)
2937.21.00   and prednisolone (Dehydrohydrocortisone)
2937.22.00   Halogenated derivatives of adrenal cortical hormones
             Estrogens and progestins obtained directly or indirectly from
2937.23.10   animal or vegetable materials
             Estradiol benzoate; and Estradiol cyclopentylpropionate
2937.23.25   (estradiol cypionate)
             Other estrogens and progestins not derived from animal or
2937.23.50   vegetable materials, nesoi
2937.29.10   Desonide; and Nandrolone phenpropionate
             Steroidal hormones, their derivatives and structural
2937.29.90   analogues, nesoi
             Prostaglandins, thromboxanes and leukotrienes, their
2937.50.00   derivatives and structural analogues
2937.90.05   Epinephrine
2937.90.10   Epinephrine hydrochloride
             Catecholamine hormones, their derivatives and structural
2937.90.20   analogues, nesoi
2937.90.40   l-Thyroxine(Levothyroxine), sodium
             Amino-acid derivatives of hormones and their derivatives,
2937.90.45   nesoi
             Other hormones, their derivatives and structural analogues,
             other steroid derivatives and structural analogue used
2937.90.90   primarily as hormones, nesoi
2938.10.00   Rutoside (Rutin) and its derivatives                            Pharma
             Glycosides, natural or synthesized, and their salts, ethers,
             esters, and other derivatives other than rutoside and its
2938.90.00   derivatives                                                     Pharma
             Concentrates of poppy straw; buprenorphine (INN), codeine,
             dihydrocodeine (INN), ethylmorphine, and other specified
2939.11.00   INNs; salts thereof
2939.19.10   Papaverine and its salts
             Synthetic alkaloids of opium, their derivatives and salts
2939.19.20   thereof, nesoi
             Nonsynthetic alkaloids of opium, their derivatives and salts
2939.19.50   thereof, nesoi
             Alkaloids of cinchona, their derivatives and salts thereof,
2939.20.00   other than quinine and its salts
                                       89
                                                                              Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                      Limitations
2939.30.00   Caffeine and its salts
2939.41.00   Ephedrine and its salts
2939.42.00   Pseudoephedrine (INN) and its salts
2939.43.00   Cathine (INN) and its salts                                      Pharma
2939.44.00   Norephedrine and its salts
             Levometamfetamine, metamfetamine (INN), metamfetamine
2939.45.00   racemate and their salts
             Alkaloids of ephedra, their derivatives and salts thereof,
             other than ephedrine, pseudoephedrine, cathine (INN),
2939.49.03   norephedrine, levometamfetamine and their salts
2939.51.00   Fenetylline (INN) its salts                                      Pharma
             Theophylline and aminophylline (theophylline-
2939.59.00   ethylenediamine), their derivatives and salts thereof, nesoi
2939.61.00   Ergometrine and its salts                                        Pharma
2939.62.00   Ergotamine and its salts
2939.63.00   Lysergic acid and its salts
             Alkaloids of rye ergot, their derivatives and salts thereof,
2939.69.00   nesoi
2939.72.00   Cocaine, ecgonine; salts, esters and other derivatives thereof
             Vegetal alkaloids, natural or reproduced by synthesis, their
2939.79.00   salts and other derivatives, nesoi
             Other alkaloids, natural or reproduced by synthesis, and their
2939.80.00   salts, ethers, esters and other derivatives, nesoi               Pharma
2940.00.60   Other sugars, nesoi, excluding d-arabinose                       Pharma
2941.10.10   Ampicillin and its salts
2941.10.20   Penicillin G salts
             Carfecillin, sodium; cloxacillin, sodium; dicloxacillin,
2941.10.30   sodium; flucloxacillin (Floxacillin); and oxacillin, sodium
             Penicillins and their derivatives nesoi, with a penicillanic
2941.10.50   acid structure; salts thereof
2941.20.10   Dihydrostreptomycins and its derivatives; salts thereof
2941.20.50   Streptomycins and their derivatives; salts thereof, nesoi
2941.30.00   Tetracyclines and their derivatives; salts thereof
2941.40.00   Chloramphenicol and its derivatives; salts thereof
2941.50.00   Erythromycin and its derivatives; salts thereof
2941.90.10   Natural antibiotics, nesoi
             Antibiotics nesoi, aromatic or modified aromatic, other than
2941.90.30   natural
             Antibiotics nesoi, other than aromatic or modified aromatic
2941.90.50   antibiotics

                                      90
                                                                             Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                     Limitations
             [2,2'-Thiobis(4-(1,1,3,3-tetramethyl-n-
2942.00.03   butyl)phenolato)(2,1)]-O,O',S-(1-butanamine), nickel II         Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic drugs of other organic
2942.00.05   compounds, nesoi                                                Pharma
             Aromatic or modified aromatic organic compounds, nesoi,
             described in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI of the
2942.00.10   HTSUS                                                           Pharma
             Other aromatic or modified aromatic organic compounds
             (excluding products described in additional U.S. note 3 to
2942.00.35   section VI of the HTSUS)                                        Pharma
2942.00.50   Nonaromatic organic compounds, nesoi                            Pharma
             Extracts of glands or other organs or of their secretions for
3001.20.00   organotherapeutic uses
             Glands and other organs for organotherapeutic uses, dried,
3001.90.01   whether or not powdered
             Antisera and other blood fractions including human blood
3002.12.00   plasma and fetal bovine serum (FBS)
             Immunological products, unmixed, not put up in measured
3002.13.00   doses or in forms or packings for retail sale
             Immunological products, mixed, not put up in measured
3002.14.00   doses or in forms or packings for retail sale
             Immunological products, put up in measured doses or in
3002.15.00   forms or packings for retail sale
3002.41.00   Vaccines for human medicine
3002.42.00   Vaccines for veterinary medicine
3002.49.00   Toxins or cultures of micro-organisms (excluding yeasts)
3002.51.00   Cell therapy products
3002.59.00   Other cell cultures, other than cell therapy products
3002.90.10   Ferments, excluding yeasts
             Human blood; animal blood prepared for therapeutic,
             prophylactic, or diagnostic uses; antisera; antiallergenic
3002.90.52   preparations, nesoi and like products
             Medicaments, containing penicillins or streptomycins, not in
3003.10.00   dosage form and not packed for retail
             Medicaments containing antibiotics, nesoi, not in dosage
3003.20.00   form and not packed for retail
             Medicaments containing insulin, not in dosage form and not
3003.31.00   packed for retail                                               Pharma
             Medicaments containing artificial mixtures of natural
             hormones, but not antibiotics, not in dosage form and not
3003.39.10   packed for retail

                                     91
                                                                         Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                 Limitations
             Medicaments containing products of heading 2937, nesoi,
             but not antibiotics, not in dosage form and not packed for
3003.39.50   retail
             Medicaments containing ephedrine or its salts, not in dosage
3003.41.00   form and not packed for retail
             Medicaments containing pseudoephedrine (INN) or its salts,
3003.42.00   not in dosage form and not packed for retail
             Medicaments containing norephedrine or its salts, not in
3003.43.00   dosage form and not packed for retail                         Pharma
             Other medicaments containing alkaloids or derivatives
3003.49.00   thereof, nesoi, not in dosage form and not packed for retail
             Other medicaments containing antimalarial active principles
             described in subheading note 2 to this chapter, not dosage
3003.60.00   form and not packed for retail                                Pharma
             Other medicaments (excluding goods of headings 3002, 3005
             and 3006) consisting of two or more constituents mixed
             together for therapeutic or prophylactic uses, not in dosage
3003.90.01   form and not packed for retail
             Medicaments (excluding goods of headings 3002, 3005 and
             3006) containing penicillin G salts, in dosage form or packed
3004.10.10   for retail
             Medicaments containing penicillins or streptomycins, nesoi,
3004.10.50   in dosage form or packed for retail
             Medicaments containing antibiotics, nesoi, in dosage form or
3004.20.00   packed for retail
             Medicaments containing insulin, in dosage form or packed
3004.31.00   for retail
             Medicaments containing corticosteroidhormones, in dosage
3004.32.00   form or packed for retail
             Medicaments containing products of heading 2937 nesoi, in
3004.39.00   dosage form or packed for retail
             Medicaments containing ephedrine or its salts, in dosage
3004.41.00   form or packed for retail
             Medicaments containing pseudoephedrine (INN) or its salts,
3004.42.00   in dosage form or packed for retail
             Medicaments containing norephedrine or its salts, in dosage
3004.43.00   form or packed for retail                                     Pharma
             Other medicaments containing alkaloids or derivatives
3004.49.00   thereof, nesoi, in dosage form or packed for retail
             Medicaments containing vitamin B2 synthesized from
             aromatic or modified aromatic industrial organic compounds,
3004.50.10   in dosage form or packed for retail

                                    92
                                                                        Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                Limitations
             Medicaments containing vitamin B12 synthesized from
             aromatic or modified aromatic industrial organic compounds,
3004.50.20   in dosage form or packed for retail
             Medicaments containing vitamin E synthesized from
             aromatic or modified aromatic industrial organic compounds,
3004.50.30   in dosage form or packed for retail
             Medicaments containing vitamins nesoi, synthesized from
             aromatic or modified aromatic industrial organic compounds,
3004.50.40   in dosage form or packed for retail
             Medicaments containing vitamins or other products of
3004.50.50   heading 2936, nesoi, in dosage form or packed for retail
             Other medicaments containing antimalarial active principles
             described in subheading note 2 to chapter 30 of the HTSUS,
3004.60.00   in dosage form or packed for retail
             Medicaments containing antigens or hyaluronic acid or its
3004.90.10   sodium salt, nesoi, in dosage form or packed for retail
3004.90.92   Medicaments nesoi, in dosage form or packed for retail
             Opacifying preparation for X-ray examination; diagnostic
             reagents designed to be administered to the patient;
3006.30.10   containing antigens or antisera
             Opacifying preparations for X-ray examinations; diagnostic
3006.30.50   reagents designed to be administered to the patient, nesoi
             Chemical contraceptive preparations based on hormones or
3006.60.00   spermicides
             Gel preparations designed to be used in human or veterinary
             medicine as a lubricant in surgical operation, physical
             examinations or as a coupling agent between body and
3006.70.00   medical instrument                                           Pharma
3006.92.00   Waste pharmaceuticals                                        Pharma
             Placebos and blinded clinical trial kits, put up in measured
3006.93.10   doses, packaged with medicinal preparations
             Placebos and blinded clinical trial kits, put up in measured
3006.93.20   doses, containing over 10 percent by dry weight of sugar
             Placebos and blinded clinical trial kits, put up in measured
3006.93.50   doses, containing ingredients having nutritional value
             Placebos and blinded clinical trial kits, put up in measured
3006.93.60   doses, in liquid form for oral intake
             Placebos and blinded clinical trial kits, put up in measured
3006.93.80   doses, containing other chemicals other than medicaments     Pharma
             Animal or vegetable fertilizers; fertilizers produced by the
             mixing or chemical treatment of animal or vegetable
3101.00.00   products

                                    93
                                                                               Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                       Limitations
3102.10.00   Urea, whether or not in aqueous solution
3102.21.00   Ammonium sulfate
             Double salts and mixtures of ammonium sulfate and
3102.29.00   ammonium nitrate
3102.30.00   Ammonium nitrate, whether or not in aqueous solution
             Mixtures of ammonium nitrate with calcium carbonate or
3102.40.00   other inorganic nonfertilizing substances
3102.50.00   Sodium nitrate
             Double salts and mixtures of calcium nitrate and ammonium
3102.60.00   nitrate
             Mixtures of urea and ammonium nitrate in aqueous or
3102.80.00   ammoniacal solution
             Mineral or chemical fertilizers, nitrogenous, nesoi, including
3102.90.01   mixtures not specified elsewhere in heading 3102
             Superphosphates containing by weight 35 percent or more of
3103.11.00   diphosphorous pentaoxide (P2O5)
3103.19.00   Superphosphates nesoi
3103.90.01   Mineral or chemical fertilizers, phosphatic
3104.20.00   Potassium chloride
3104.30.00   Potassium sulfate
3104.90.01   Mineral or chemical fertilizers, potassic, nesoi
             Fertilizers of chapter 31 of the HTSUS in tablets or similar
3105.10.00   forms
             Mineral or chemical fertilizers nesoi, containing three
3105.20.00   fertilizing elements
             Diammonium hydrogenorthophosphate (Diammonium
3105.30.00   phosphate)
             Ammonium dihydrogenorthophosphate (Monoammonium
             phosphate), mixtures thereof with diammonium
3105.40.00   hydrogenorthophosphate (Diammonium phosphate)
             Mineral or chemical fertilizers nesoi, containing nitrates and
3105.51.00   phosphates
             Mineral or chemical fertilizers nesoi, containing the two
3105.59.00   fertilizing elements nitrogen and phosphorus
             Mineral or chemical fertilizers nesoi, containing 2 fertilizing
3105.60.00   elements
             Mineral or chemical fertilizers containing two or three of the
             fertilizing elements nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium
3105.90.00   fertilizers, nesoi
3203.00.80   Coloring matter of vegetable or animal origin, nesoi              Pharma
             Basic dyes and preparations based thereon, described in
3204.13.60   additional U.S note 3 to section VI of the HTSUS                  Pharma
                                       94
                                                                               Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                       Limitations
3204.13.80   Basic dyes and preparations based thereon, nesoi                  Pharma
             Copper phthalocyanine ([Phthalocyanato(2-)]copper) not
3204.17.20   ready for use as a pigment
3204.18.00   Carotenoid coloring matters and preparations based thereon        Pharma
             Synthetic organic coloring matter or preparations based
             thereon, nesoi; synthetic organic products used as
3204.90.00   luminophores                                                      Pharma
             Pigments and preparations based on titanium dioxide,
             containing 80 percent or more by weight of titanium dioxide
3206.11.00   calculated on the dry matter
3206.19.00   Pigments and preparations based on titanium dioxide, nesoi
3301.12.00   Essential oils of orange
             Essential oils other than those of citrus fruit, nesoi, for
3301.29.51   religious purposes only                                           Ex
             Concentrates of essential oils in fats, in fixed oils, in waxes
             or the like, obtained by enfleurage or maceration; terpenic by
             products of the deterpenation of essential oils; aqueous
3301.90.50   distillates and aqueous solutions of essential oils
             Organic surface-active products for washing skin, in liquid
             or cream form, containing any aromatic or modified aromatic
3401.30.10   surface-active agent, put up for retail                           Pharma
             Non-ionic organic surface-active agents, aromatic or
3402.42.10   modified aromatic                                                 Pharma
             Fatty substances of animal, vegetable or microbial origin;
             non-ionic organic surface-active agents, other than aromatic
3402.42.20   or modified aromatic                                              Pharma
             Non-ionic organic surface-active agents, other than fatty
             substances of animal, vegetable or microbial origin, other
3402.42.90   than aromatic or modified aromatic                                Pharma
             Preparations of organic surface-active agents, put up for
             retail sale, containing any aromatic or modified aromatic
3402.50.11   surface-active agent                                              Pharma
3507.90.70   Enzymes and prepared enzymes, nesoi                               Pharma
3606.90.30   Ferrocerium and other pyrophoric alloys in all forms
3802.10.00   Activated carbon                                                  Pharma
3808.59.40   Disinfectants specified in subheading note 1 to chapter 38        Pharma
             Pesticides, nesoi, specified in subheading note 1 to chapter
3808.59.50   38                                                                Pharma
             Pesticides, nesoi, not exceeding 300g, specified in
3808.61.50   subheading note 2 to chapter 38                                   Pharma
             Disinfectants, containing any aromatic or modified aromatic
3808.94.10   disinfectant                                                      Pharma
                                      95
                                                                             Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                     Limitations
             Disinfectants not included in subheading note 1 of chapter 38
3808.94.50   of the HTSUS, nesoi                                             Pharma
             Mixtures of oligomers of 2,2,4-trimethyl-1,2-
3812.31.00   dihydroquinoline (TMQ)                                          Pharma
             Supported catalysts with nickel or nickel compounds as the
3815.11.00   active substance                                                Pharma
             Supported catalysts with precious metal or precious metal
3815.12.00   compounds as the active substance                               Pharma
             Reaction initiators, reaction accelerators and catalytic
3815.90.50   preparations, nesoi                                             Pharma
             Chemical elements doped for use in electronics, in the form
             of discs, wafers etc., chemical compounds doped for
3818.00.00   electronic use
3824.81.00   Chemical mixtures containing oxirane (ethylene oxide)           Pharma
             Goods specified in subheading note 3 to chapter 38,
             containing PCBs, PCTs or PBBs, chlorinated but not
3824.82.10   otherwise halogenated, nesoi                                    Pharma
             Goods specified in subheading note 3 to chapter 38,
             containing PCBs, PCTs or PBBs, other than chlorinated
3824.82.90   only, nesoi                                                     Pharma
3824.83.00   Containing tris(2,3-dibromopropyl) phosphate                    Pharma
             Other mixtures containing aldrin, camphechlor (toxaphene),
             chlordane, chlordecone, DDT (clofenatone), 1,1,1-trichloro-
             2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethane), dieldrin, endosulfan, endrin,
3824.84.00   heptachlor or mirex                                             Pharma
             Mixtures containing 1,2,3,4,5,6-hexachlorocyclohexane
3824.85.00   (HCH (ISO)), including lindane (ISO,INN)                        Pharma
             Mixtures containing pentachlorobenzene (ISO) or
3824.86.00   hexachlorobenzene (ISO)                                         Pharma
             Mixtures containing perfluorooctane sulfonic acid, its salts,
             perfluorooctane sulfonamides, or perfluorooctane sulfonyl
3824.87.00   fluoride                                                        Pharma
             Mixtures containing tetra-, penta-, hexa-, hepta-, or
3824.88.00   octabromodiphenyl ethers                                        Pharma
3824.89.00   Mixtures containing short-chain chlorinated paraffins           Pharma
3824.91.00   Mixtures consisting mainly of methylphosphonate etc.            Pharma
3824.92.00   Polyglycol esters mixtures of methylphosphonic acid             Pharma
             Mixtures of triphenyl sulfonium chloride, diphenyl (4-
             phenylthio)phenyl sulfonium chloride and (thiodi-4,1-
3824.99.25   phenylene)bis(diphenyl sulfonium) dichloride                    Pharma
             Mixtures containing 5 percent or more by weight of one or
3824.99.29   more aromatic or modified aromatic substance, nesoi             Pharma

                                     96
                                                                             Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                     Limitations
             Mixtures that are in whole or in part of hydrocarbons derived
3824.99.49   in whole or in part from petroleum, shale oil or natural gas    Pharma
3824.99.50   Mixtures chlorinated but not otherwise halogenated              Pharma
3824.99.55   Mixtures of halogenated hydrocarbons, nesoi                     Pharma
             Chemical products and preparations and residual products of
3824.99.93   the chemical or allied industries, nesoi                        Pharma
             Biodiesel containing less than 70 percent petroleum or
3826.00.30   bituminous oil                                                  Pharma
3827.13.00   Mixtures containing carbon tetrachloride                        Pharma
3827.14.00   Mixtures containing methyl chloroform                           Pharma
3827.40.00   Mixtures containing bromomethane or bromochloromethane          Pharma
             Polymers of ethylene, nesoi, in primary forms, other than
3901.90.90   elastomeric                                                     Pharma
             Polymers of propylene or of other olefins, nesoi, in primary
3902.90.00   forms                                                           Pharma
3904.61.00   Polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE), in primary forms                Pharma
             Copolymers of vinyl esters or other vinyls, in primary forms,
             containing by weight 50 percent or more of derivatives of
3905.91.10   vinyl acetate                                                   Pharma
             Copolymers of vinyl esters or other vinyls, in primary forms,
3905.91.50   nesoi                                                           Pharma
             Polymers of vinyl esters or other vinyl polymers, in primary
3905.99.80   forms, nesoi                                                    Pharma
             Acrylic polymers (except plastics or elastomers), in primary
3906.90.50   forms, nesoi                                                    Pharma
3907.10.00   Polyacetals in primary forms                                    Pharma
3907.21.00   Bis(polyoxyethylene) methylphosphonate                          Pharma
             Polyethers, other than polyacetals or bis(polyoxyethylene)
3907.29.00   methylphosphonate, in primary forms                             Pharma
3907.30.00   Epoxide resins in primary forms                                 Pharma
             Polyethylene terephthalate, having a viscosity number of 78
3907.61.00   ml/g or higher                                                  Pharma
             Polyethylene terephthalate, having a viscosity number less
3907.69.00   than 78 ml/g                                                    Pharma
3907.70.00   Poly(lactic acid)                                               Pharma
3907.99.50   Other polyesters nesoi, saturated, in primary forms             Pharma
             Polyamide-6, -11, -12, -6,6, -6,9, -6,10 or -6,12 in primary
3908.10.00   form                                                            Pharma
             Bis(4-amino-3-methylcyclohexyl)methaneisophthalic acid-
3908.90.20   laurolactam copolymer                                           Pharma
3909.10.00   Urea resins; thiourea resins                                    Pharma

                                     97
                                                                               Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                       Limitations
3909.40.00   Phenolic resins                                                   Pharma
3910.00.00   Silicones in primary forms                                        Pharma
3911.20.00   Poly(1,3-phenylene methylphosphonate)                             Pharma
             Thermoplastic polysulfides, polysulfones and other products
             specified in note 3 to chapter 39 of the HTSUS, containing
3911.90.25   aromatic monomer units or derived therefrom                       Pharma
             Thermosetting polysulfides, polysulfones and other products
             specified in note 3 to chapter 39, containing aromatic
3911.90.45   monomer units or derived therefrom                                Pharma
             Polysulfides, polysulfones and other products specified in
3911.90.91   note 3 to chapter 39 of the HTSUS, nesoi                          Pharma
3912.20.00   Cellulose nitrates (including collodions), in primary forms       Pharma
3912.31.00   Carboxymethylcellulose and its salts                              Pharma
             Cellulose ethers, other than carboxymethylcellulose and its
3912.39.00   salts, in primary forms                                           Pharma
             Cellulose and its chemical derivatives, nesoi, in primary
3912.90.00   forms                                                             Pharma
             Polysaccharides and their derivatives, nesoi, in primary
3913.90.20   forms                                                             Pharma
             Natural polymers and modified natural polymers, nesoi, in
3913.90.50   primary forms                                                     Pharma
             Cross-linked polyvinylbenzyltrimethylammonium chloride
3914.00.20   (Cholestyramine resin USP)                                        Pharma
             Ion-exchangers based on polymers of headings 3901 to 3913,
3914.00.60   in primary forms, nesoi                                           Pharma
3917.21.00   Tubes, pipes and hoses, rigid, of polymers of ethylene            Aircraft
3917.22.00   Tubes, pipes and hoses, rigid, of polymers of propylene           Aircraft
3917.23.00   Tubes, pipes and hoses, rigid, of polymers of vinyl chloride      Aircraft
3917.29.00   Tubes, pipes and hoses, rigid, of other plastics nesoi            Aircraft
             Flexible plastic tubes, pipes and hoses, having a minimum
3917.31.00   burst pressure of 27.6 MPa                                        Aircraft
             Flexible plastic tubes, pipes and hoses, nesoi, with fittings,
3917.33.00   not reinforced or otherwise combined with other materials         Aircraft
3917.39.00   Flexible plastic tubes, pipes and hoses, nesoi                    Aircraft
3917.40.00   Fittings of plastics, for plastic tubes, pipes and hoses, nesoi   Aircraft
3926.90.45   Gaskets, washers and other seals, of plastics                     Aircraft
             Cards, not punched, suitable for use as, or in making,
             jacquard cards; Jacquard cards and jacquard heads for
             power-driven weaving machines, and parts thereof; and
             transparent sheeting of plastics containing 30 percent or
3926.90.94   more by weight of lead                                            Aircraft

                                      98
                                                                              Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                      Limitations
             Casing for bicycle derailleur cables; and casing for cable or
             inner wire for caliper and cantilever brakes, whether or not
3926.90.96   cut to length; of plastic                                        Aircraft
3926.90.99   Other articles of plastic, nesoi                                 Aircraft
4001.10.00   Natural rubber latex, whether or not prevulcanized
4001.21.00   Natural rubber smoked sheets
             Technically specified natural rubber (TSNR), in primary
4001.22.00   forms
             Natural rubber in primary forms other than latex, smoked
4001.29.00   sheets or technically specified natural rubber (TSNR)
             Balata, gutta-percha, guayule, chicle and similar natural
4001.30.00   rubber gums, in primary forms
             Rods and profile shapes of vulcanized, noncellular rubber,
4008.29.20   other than hard rubber                                           Aircraft
             Tubes, pipes and hoses of vulcanized rubber other than hard
             rubber, not reinforced or combined with other materials, with
4009.12.00   fittings                                                         Aircraft
             Tubes, pipes and hoses of vulcanized rubber other than hard
4009.22.00   rubber, reinforced or combined only with metal, with fittings    Aircraft
             Tubes, pipes and hoses of vulcanized rubber other than hard
             rubber, reinforced or combined only with textile materials,
4009.32.00   with fittings                                                    Aircraft
             Tubes, pipes and hoses of vulcanized rubber other than hard
             rubber, reinforced or combined with other materials nesoi,
4009.42.00   with fittings                                                    Aircraft
4011.30.00   New pneumatic tires, of rubber, of a kind used on aircraft       Aircraft
             Retreaded pneumatic tires, of rubber, of a kind used on
4012.13.00   aircraft                                                         Aircraft
4012.20.10   Used pneumatic tires of rubber, for aircraft                     Aircraft
4016.10.00   Articles of vulcanized cellular rubber other than hard rubber    Aircraft
             Gaskets, washers and other seals, of noncellular vulcanized
             rubber other than hard rubber, not for use in automotive
4016.93.50   goods of chapter 87 of the HTSUS                                 Aircraft
             Articles made of noncellular vulcanized natural rubber, not
             used as vibration control goods in vehicles of headings 8701
4016.99.35   through 8705, nesoi                                              Aircraft
             Articles of noncellular vulcanized synthetic rubber other than
4016.99.60   hard rubber                                                      Aircraft
             Hard rubber (for example, ebonite) in all forms, including
4017.00.00   waste and scrap; articles of hard rubber                         Aircraft



                                      99
                                                                              Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                      Limitations
             Tanned whole bovine skin and hide leather (not
             upper/lining), w/o hair on, unit surface area n/o 2.6 sq m, in
4104.11.20   the wet state
             Crust full grain unsplit/grain split bovine (except buffalo)
             nesoi and equine hides and skins, nesoi, w/o hair, tanned not
4104.41.50   further prepared
             Crust whole bovine hide and skin upper or lining leather, w/o
             hair on, unit surface n/o 2.6 sq m, tanned but not further
4104.49.10   prepared, nesoi
             Crust bovine (except buffalo) nesoi and equine hides and
4104.49.50   skins, nesoi, w/o hair, tanned but not further prepared
             Full grain unsplit whole bovine leather (not upper/lining),
             w/o hair on, not fancy, n/o 2.6 m2,prepared after tanning or
4107.11.20   crust,not head 4114
             Grain split whole bovine skin leather (not upper or lining),
             w/o hair, not fancy, n/o 2.6 sq m, prepared after tanning or
4107.12.20   crusting, not 4114
             Tanned or dressed whole furskins, nesoi, with or without
4302.19.60   head, tail or paws, not assembled, not dyed
             Wood in the rough or roughly squared, of Dark Red Meranti,
             Light Red Meranti or Meranti Bakau, not treated with paint,
4403.41.00   stain, creosote, or other preservatives
             Wood in the rough or roughly squared, of teak, not treated
4403.42.00   with paint, stain, creosote, or other preservatives
             Wood in the rough or roughly squared, of tropical wood
             other than Teak or Meranti, not treated with paint, stain,
4403.49.02   creosote, or other preservatives
             Mahogany (Swietenia spp.), sawn or chipped lengthwise,
4407.21.00   sliced or peeled, over 6 mm thick
             Virola, Imbuia and Balsa, sawn or chipped lengthwise, sliced
4407.22.00   or peeled, over 6 mm thick
             Teak, sawn or chipped lengthwise, sliced or peeled, over 6
4407.23.01   mm thick
             Dark Red Meranti, Light Red Meranti and Meranti Bakau
             wood, sawn or chipped lengthwise, sliced or peeled, over 6
4407.25.00   mm thick
             White Lauan, White Meranti, White Seraya, Yellow Meranti
             and Alan wood, sawn or chipped lengthwise, sliced or
4407.26.00   peeled, over 6 mm thick
             Sapelli wood, sawn or chipped lengthwise, sliced or peeled,
4407.27.00   over 6 mm thick
             Iroko wood, sawn or chipped lengthwise, sliced or peeled,
4407.28.00   over 6 mm thick
                                     100
                                                                               Scope
HTSUS          Description                                                     Limitations
               Tropical wood, nesoi, sawn or chipped lengthwise, sliced or
4407.29.02     peeled, over 6 mm thick
               Nonconiferous wood, nesoi, sawn or chipped lengthwise,
4407.99.0295   sliced or peeled, over 6 mm thick; other
               Dark Red Meranti, Light Red Meranti and Meranti Bakau
               veneer sheets, for plywood and other wood, sawn
4408.31.01     lengthwise, sliced or peeled, not over 6 mm thick
               Other tropical wood veneer sheets, for plywood and other
               wood, sawn lengthwise, sliced or peeled, not over 6 mm
4408.39.02     thick
               Nonconiferous tropical wood continuously shaped along any
               ends, whether or not also continuously shaped along any
4409.22.05     edges or faces
               Nonconiferous tropical wood siding, whether or not
4409.22.10     continuously shaped along its edges or faces but not its ends
               Nonconiferous tropical wood flooring, whether or not
4409.22.25     continuously shaped along its edges or faces but not its ends
               Nonconiferous tropical wood standard moldings, whether or
               not continuously shaped along its edges or faces but not
4409.22.40     its ends
               Other nonconiferous tropical wood moldings, whether or not
4409.22.50     continuously shaped along its edges or faces but not its ends
               Plain nonconiferous tropical wood dowel rods, whether or
               not continuously shaped along its edges or faces but not its
4409.22.60     ends
               Nonconiferous tropical wood dowel rods, sanded, grooved or
               otherwise advanced in condition, whether or not
4409.22.65     continuously shaped along its edges or faces but not its ends
               Other nonconiferous tropical wood, whether or not
4409.22.90     continuously shaped along its edges or faces but not its ends
               Plywood sheets not over 6 mm thick, tropical wood outer
               ply, birch face ply, not surface covered beyond clear or
4412.31.06     transparent
               Plywood sheets not over 6 mm thick, tropical wood outer
               ply, Spanish cedar or walnut face ply, not surface covered
4412.31.26     beyond clear or transparent
               Plywood sheets not over 6 mm thick, tropical wood outer
               ply, with mahogany face ply, not surface covered beyond
4412.31.42     clear or transparent
               Plywood sheets not over 3.6 mm thick, exceeding 1.2 m
               width and 2.2 m length, tropical wood outer ply, not
               mahogany face ply, not surface covered beyond clear or
4412.31.45     transparent
                                       101
                                                                            Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                    Limitations
             Plywood sheets not over 3.6 mm thick, tropical wood outer
             ply, not mahogany face ply, not surface covered beyond
4412.31.48   clear or transparent, nesoi
             Plywood sheets not over 6 mm thick, tropical wood nesoi
             outer ply, with face ply nesoi, not surface covered beyond
4412.31.52   clear or transparent
             Plywood sheets not over 6 mm thick, with certain specified
             tropical wood outer ply, surface covered beyond clear or
4412.31.61   transparent
             Plywood sheets not over 6 mm thick, tropical wood nesoi at
             least one outer ply, surface covered beyond clear or
4412.31.92   transparent
4412.41.00   Laminated veneered lumber with outer ply of tropical wood
             Blockboard, laminboard and battenboard of plywood nesoi,
             outer ply of tropical wood, not surface covered beyond clear
4412.51.10   or transparent, with face ply of birch
             Blockboard, laminboard and battenboard of plywood nesoi,
             outer ply of tropical wood, not surface covered beyond clear
4412.51.31   or transparent, not with face ply of birch
             Blockboard, laminboard and battenboard of plywood nesoi,
             outer ply of tropical wood, surface covered other than clear
4412.51.41   or transparent
             Blockboard, laminboard and battenboard other than of
4412.51.51   plywood nesoi, outer ply of tropical wood
             Not blockboard, laminboard or battenboard, outer ply of
4412.91.06   tropical wood, containing particle board
             Not blockboard, laminboard or battenboard, plywood with
             outer ply of tropical wood, no particle board, not surface
4412.91.10   covered beyond clear or transparent, with face ply of birch
             Not blockboard, laminboard or battenboard, plywood with
             outer ply of tropical wood, no particle board, not surface
             covered beyond clear or transparent, not with face ply of
4412.91.31   birch
             Not blockboard, laminboard or battenboard, plywood with
             outer ply of tropical wood, surface covered beyond clear or
4412.91.41   transparent
             Not blockboard, laminboard or battenboard, veneered panels
             and similar laminated wood with outer ply of tropical wood,
4412.91.51   nesoi
4504.90.00   Agglomerated cork and articles of cork, nesoi                  Aircraft
             Woven or partly assembled materials of rattan for mats,
4601.22.40   matting and screens
4601.22.80   Rattan floor coverings
                                       102
                                                                            Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                    Limitations
4601.22.90   Mats, matting and screens of rattan, nesoi
             Woven or partly assembled materials of willow for mats,
4601.29.40   matting and screens
4601.93.01   Rattan webbing for mats, matting and screens
             Plaits of rattan and similar products of such plaiting
4601.93.05   materials, whether or not assembled into strips
             Products of rattan other than plaits and similar products such
4601.93.20   as plaiting materials.
4602.12.05   Fishing baskets or creels made from rattan
4602.12.14   Baskets and bags of rattan wickerwork
4602.12.16   Baskets and bags of rattan other than wickerwork
             Articles of a kind normally carried in the pocket or in the
4602.12.23   handbag, of rattan
             Luggage, handbags and flat goods, whether or not lined, of
4602.12.25   rattan, nesoi
4602.12.35   Articles of wickerwork, nesoi, of rattan
4602.12.45   Basketwork and other articles, nesoi, of rattan
4703.11.00   Unbleached coniferous chemical woodpulp
             Chemical woodpulp, soda or sulfate, other than dissolving
4703.19.00   grades, of unbleached nonconiferous wood
4703.21.00   Semibleached or bleached coniferous chemical woodpulp
4703.29.00   Semibleached or bleached nonconiferous chemical woodpulp
             Chemical woodpulp, sulfite, other than dissolving grades, of
4704.11.00   unbleached coniferous wood
             Chemical woodpulp, sulfite, other than dissolving grades, of
4704.19.00   unbleached nonconiferous wood
             Chemical woodpulp, sulfite, other than dissolving grades, of
4704.21.00   semibleached or bleached coniferous wood
             Chemical woodpulp, sulfite, other than dissolving grades, of
4704.29.00   semibleached or bleached nonconiferous wood
4705.00.00   Semichemical woodpulp
4706.10.00   Cotton linters pulp
             Pulps of fibers derived from recovered (waste and scrap)
4706.20.00   paper or paperboard
4706.30.00   Pulps of fibrous cellulosic material, of bamboo
4706.91.00   Pulps of fibrous cellulosic material, mechanical
4706.92.01   Pulps of fibrous cellulosic material, chemical
4706.93.01   Pulps of fibrous cellulosic material, semichemical
4823.90.10   Articles of paper pulp, nesoi                                  Aircraft
4823.90.20   Articles of papier-mâché, nesoi                                Aircraft

                                    103
                                                                               Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                       Limitations
             Cards of paper or paperboard, nesoi, not punched, for
4823.90.31   punchcard machines, whether or not in strips                      Aircraft
             Frames or mounts for photographic slides of paper or
4823.90.40   paperboard                                                        Aircraft
4823.90.50   Hand fans of paper or paperboard                                  Aircraft
             Gaskets, washers and other seals of coated paper or
4823.90.60   paperboard                                                        Aircraft
4823.90.67   Coated paper or paperboard, nesoi                                 Aircraft
4823.90.70   Articles of cellulose wadding, nesoi                              Aircraft
             Gaskets, washers and other seals of paper, paperboard and
4823.90.80   webs of cellulose fibers, nesoi                                   Aircraft
             Articles of paper pulp, paper, paperboard, cellulose wadding
4823.90.86   or webs of cellulose fibers, nesoi                                Aircraft
             Binder or baler twine of sisal or other textile fibers of the
5607.21.00   genus Agave
6309.00.00   Worn clothing and other worn articles
6802.99.00   Worked monumental or building stone, nesoi
6812.80.90   Articles or mixtures of crocidolite, nesoi                        Aircraft
6812.99.10   Paper, millboard and felt of asbestos, other than crocidolite     Aircraft
             Compressed asbestos (other than crocidolite) fiber jointing,
6812.99.20   in sheets or rolls                                                Aircraft
             Articles of mixtures of or with a basis of asbestos, nesoi,
6812.99.90   other than crocidolite                                            Aircraft
6813.20.00   Friction material and articles thereof, containing asbestos       Aircraft
6813.81.00   Brake linings and pads not containing asbestos                    Aircraft
             Friction material and articles thereof with a basis of mineral
6813.89.00   substances (other than asbestos) or of cellulose, nesoi           Aircraft
             Laminated safety glass windshields, of size and shape
             suitable for incorporation in vehicles (other than for goods of
7007.21.11   headings 8701 through 8705), aircraft, spacecraft or vessels      Aircraft
             Precious stones (o/than diamonds) & semiprecious stones,
7103.10.20   unworked
             Precious stones (o/than diamonds) & semiprecious stones,
7103.10.40   simply sawn or roughly shaped
7106.91.10   Silver bullion and dore
7108.11.00   Gold, nonmonetary, powder
7108.12.10   Gold, nonmonetary, bullion and dore
7108.12.50   Gold, nonmonetary, other unwrought forms, other
7108.13.10   Gold, nonmonetary, other semimanufactured forms, gold leaf
             Gold, nonmonetary, other semimanufactured forms,
7108.13.55   rectangular or near rectangular shapes, containing 99.5

                                     104
                                                                              Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                      Limitations
             percent or more by weight of gold and not otherwise marked
             or decorated than with weight, purity, or other identifying
             information
7108.13.70   Gold, nonmonetary, other semimanufactured forms, other
7108.20.00   Gold, monetary
7110.11.00   Platinum, unwrought or in powder form
7110.19.00   Platinum, in semimanufactured forms
7110.21.00   Palladium, unwrought or in powder form
7110.29.00   Palladium, in semimanufactured forms
7110.31.00   Rhodium, unwrought or in powder form
7110.39.00   Rhodium, in semimanufactured forms
             Iridium, osmium and ruthenium, unwrought or in powder
7110.41.00   form
7110.49.00   Iridium, osmium and ruthenium, in semimanufactured forms
             Ash containing precious metals or precious metal
7112.30.01   compounds, other than goods of e-waste heading 8549
             Platinum waste and scrap, including metal clad with
             platinum, excluding sweepings containing other precious
7112.92.01   metals, other than goods of heading 8549
             Articles of precious metal, in rectangular or near rectangular
             shapes, containing 99.5 percent or more by weight of a
             precious metal and not otherwise marked or decorated than
7115.90.05   with weight, purity, or other identifying information
             Articles of precious metal or of metal clad with precious
7115.90.30   metal, other articles of gold, including metal clad with gold
7118.90.00   Coins, nesoi
             Nonalloy pig iron containing by weight 0.5 percent or less of
7201.10.00   phosphorus
             Nonalloy pig iron containing by weight more than 0.5
7201.20.00   percent of phosphorus
7201.50.30   Alloy pig iron in blocks or other primary forms
7201.50.60   Spiegeleisen in pigs, blocks or other primary forms
             Ferromanganese containing by weight more than 2 percent
7202.11.10   but not more than 4 percent of carbon
             Ferromanganese containing by weight more than 4 percent of
7202.11.50   carbon
             Ferromanganese containing by weight not more than 1
7202.19.10   percent of carbon
             Ferromanganese containing by weight more than 1 percent
7202.19.50   but not more than 2 percent of carbon
7202.30.00   Ferrosilicon manganese

                                     105
                                                                               Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                       Limitations
             Ferrochromium containing by weight more than 4 percent of
7202.41.00   carbon
             Ferrochromium containing by weight more than 3 percent
7202.49.10   but not more than 4 percent of carbon
             Ferrochromium containing by weight 3 percent or less of
7202.49.50   carbon
7202.50.00   Ferrosilicon chromium
7202.60.00   Ferronickel
7202.80.00   Ferrotungsten and ferrosilicon tungsten
7202.91.00   Ferrotitanium and ferrosilicon titanium
             Ferroniobium containing by weight less than 0.02 percent of
7202.93.40   phosphorus or sulfur or less than 0.4 percent of silicon
7202.93.80   Ferroniobium, nesoi
7202.99.20   Calcium Silicon (CaSi)
7203.10.00   Ferrous products obtained by direct reduction of iron ore
             Spongy ferrous products, in lumps, pellets or like forms; iron
             of a minimum purity by weight of 99.94 percent in lumps,
7203.90.00   pellets or like forms
7204.21.00   Stainless steel waste and scrap
7204.30.00   Tinned iron or steel waste and scrap
             Ferrous turnings, shavings, chips, milling wastes, sawdust,
7204.41.00   fillings, trimmings and stampings, whether or not in bundles
             Iron (other than cast) or nonalloy steel, seamless, cold-drawn
7304.31.30   or cold-rolled, hollow bars with circular cross section           Aircraft
             Iron (other than cast) or nonalloy steel, seamless, cold-drawn
             or cold-rolled, tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, with circular
7304.31.60   cross section, nesoi                                              Aircraft
             Iron (other than cast) or nonalloy steel, seamless, not cold-
             drawn or cold-rolled, tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, with
7304.39.00   circular cross section, nesoi                                     Aircraft
             Stainless steel, seamless, cold-drawn or cold-rolled, tubes,
             pipes and hollow profiles, with circular cross section and
7304.41.30   external diameter of less than 19mm                               Aircraft
             Stainless steel, seamless, cold-drawn or cold-rolled, tubes,
             pipes and hollow profiles, with circular cross section and
7304.41.60   external diameter of 19mm or more                                 Aircraft
             Stainless steel, seamless, not cold-drawn or cold-rolled,
7304.49.00   tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, with circular cross section     Aircraft
             Alloy steel (other than stainless), seamless, cold-drawn or
             cold-rolled, tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, with circular
7304.51.10   cross section, for manufacture of ball or roller bearings         Aircraft

                                     106
                                                                                Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                        Limitations
             Alloy steel (other than stainless), seamless, cold-drawn or
             cold-rolled, tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, with circular
7304.51.50   cross section, nesoi                                               Aircraft
             Alloy steel (other than stainless), seamless, not old-drawn or
             cold-rolled, tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, with circular
7304.59.10   cross section, for manufacture of ball or roller bearings          Aircraft
             Alloy steel (other than stainless), seamless, not cold-drawn
             or cold-rolled, tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, with circular
7304.59.20   cross section, for boilers, heaters, etc.                          Aircraft
             Heat-resisting alloy steel (other than stainless), seamless, not
             cold-drawn or cold-rolled, tubes, pipes and hollow profiles,
7304.59.60   with circular cross section, nesoi                                 Aircraft
             Alloy steel (other than heat-resist or stainless), seamless, not
             cold-drawn or cold-rolled, tubes, pipes and hollow profiles,
7304.59.80   with circular cross section, nesoi                                 Aircraft
             Iron (other than cast) or nonalloy steel, seamless, tubes, pipes
             and hollow profiles, other than circular cross section, with
7304.90.10   wall thickness of 4 mm or more                                     Aircraft
             Alloy steel (other than stainless), seamless, tubes, pipes and
             hollow profiles, other than circular cross section, with wall
7304.90.30   thickness of 4 mm or more                                          Aircraft
             Iron (other than cast) or nonalloy steel, seamless, tubes, pipes
             and hollow profiles, other than circular cross section, with
7304.90.50   wall thickness of less than 4 mm                                   Aircraft
             Alloy steel (other than stainless), seamless, tubes, pipes and
             hollow profiles, other than circular cross section, with wall
7304.90.70   thickness of less than 4 mm                                        Aircraft
             Iron or nonalloy steel, welded, with circular cross section
             and external diameter of 406.4mm or less, tubes, pipes and
7306.30.10   hollow profiles, with wall thickness of less than 1.65 mm          Aircraft
             Nonalloy steel, welded, with circular cross-section and
             external diameter 406.4mm or less, tapered pipes and tubes,
             with wall thickness of 1.65 mm or more, principally used as
7306.30.30   parts of illuminating articles                                     Aircraft
             Iron or nonalloy steel, welded, with circular cross section
             and external diameter of 406.4mm or less, pipes, tubes and
7306.30.50   hollow profiles, with wall thickness of 1.65 mm or more            Aircraft
             Stainless steel, welded, with circular cross section and
             external diameter of 406.4mm or less, tubes, pipes and
7306.40.10   hollow profiles, with wall thickness of less than 1.65 mm          Aircraft
             Stainless steel, welded, with circular cross section and
             external diameter of 406.4mm or less, tubes, pipes and
7306.40.50   hollow profiles, with wall thickness of 1.65 mm or more            Aircraft
                                      107
                                                                                  Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                          Limitations
             Alloy steel (other than stainless), welded, with circular cross
             section and external diameter of 406.4mm or less, tubes,
             pipes and hollow profiles, with wall thickness of less than
7306.50.10   1.65 mm                                                              Aircraft
             Alloy steel (other than stainless), welded, with circular cross
             section and external diameter 406.4mm or less, tapered pipes
             and tubes, with wall thickness of 1.65 mm or more,
7306.50.30   principally used as parts of illuminating articles                   Aircraft
             Alloy steel (other than stainless), welded, with circular cross
             section and external diameter of 406.4mm or less, tubes,
             pipes and hollow profiles, with wall thickness of 1.65 mm or
7306.50.50   more                                                                 Aircraft
             Iron or nonalloy steel, welded, with square or rectangular
             cross section, tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, with wall
7306.61.10   thickness of 4 mm or more                                            Aircraft
             Alloy steel, welded, with square or rectangular cross section,
             tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, with wall thickness of 4 mm
7306.61.30   or more                                                              Aircraft
             Iron or nonalloy steel, welded, with square or rectangular
             cross section, tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, with wall
7306.61.50   thickness of less than 4 mm                                          Aircraft
             Alloy steel, welded, with square or rectangular cross section,
             tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, with wall thickness of less
7306.61.70   than 4 mm                                                            Aircraft
             Iron or nonalloy steel, welded, with other non-circular cross
             section, tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, with wall thickness
7306.69.10   of 4 mm or more                                                      Aircraft
             Alloy steel, welded, with other non-circular cross-section,
             tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, with wall thickness of 4 mm
7306.69.30   or more                                                              Aircraft
             Iron or nonalloy steel, welded, with other non-circular cross
             section, tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, with wall thickness
7306.69.50   of less than 4 mm                                                    Aircraft
             Alloy steel, welded, with other non-circular cross section,
             tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, with wall thickness of less
7306.69.70   than 4 mm                                                            Aircraft
             Stainless steel, stranded wire, not electrically insulated, fitted
7312.10.05   with fittings or made up into articles                               Aircraft
             Stainless steel, stranded wire, not electrically insulated, not
7312.10.10   fitted with fittings or made up into articles                        Aircraft
             Iron or steel (other than stainless), stranded wire, not
             electrically insulated, fitted with fittings or made up into
7312.10.20   articles                                                             Aircraft
                                      108
                                                                                 Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                         Limitations
             Iron or steel (other than stainless), stranded wire, not
             electrically insulated, not fitted with fittings or made up into
7312.10.30   articles                                                            Aircraft
             Stainless steel, ropes, cables and cordage (other than
             stranded wire), not electrically insulated, fitted with fittings
7312.10.50   or made up into articles                                            Aircraft
             Stainless steel, ropes, cables and cordage (other than
             stranded wire), not electrically insulated, not fitted with
7312.10.60   fittings or made up into articles                                   Aircraft
             Iron or steel (other than stainless), ropes, cables and cordage
             (other than stranded wire), not electrically insulated, fitted
7312.10.70   with fittings or made up into articles                              Aircraft
             Iron or steel (other than stainless), ropes, cables and cordage,
             of brass plated wire (other than stranded wire), not
7312.10.80   electrically insulated, without fittings or articles                Aircraft
             Iron or steel (other than stainless), ropes, cables and cordage,
             other than of brass plate wire (other than stranded wire), not
7312.10.90   electrically insulated, without fittings or articles                Aircraft
             Iron or steel (other than stainless), plaited bands, slings and
7312.90.00   the like, not electrically insulated                                Aircraft
7314.19.01   Iron or steel (o/than stainless), woven cloth
             Iron or steel, non-electrically heated air heaters and hot air
             distributors with motor driven fan or blower and parts
7322.90.00   thereof                                                             Aircraft
7324.10.00   Stainless steel, sinks and wash basins                              Aircraft
             Iron or steel, sanitary ware (other than baths or stainless steel
7324.90.00   sinks and wash basins) and parts thereof                            Aircraft
7326.20.00   Iron or steel, articles of wire, nesoi                              Aircraft
7401.00.00   Copper mattes; cement copper (precipitated copper)
7402.00.00   Unrefined copper; copper anodes for electrolytic refining
7403.11.00   Refined copper cathodes and sections of cathodes
7403.12.00   Refined copper, wire bars
7403.13.00   Refined copper, billets
7403.19.00   Refined copper, unwrought articles nesoi
7403.21.00   Copper-zinc base alloys (brass), unwrought nesoi
7403.22.00   Copper-tin base alloys (bronze), unwrought nesoi
             Copper alloys (other than copper-zinc, copper-tin alloys),
7403.29.01   unwrought nesoi
             Copper spent anodes; copper waste and scrap containing less
7404.00.30   than 94 percent by weight of copper
             Copper, waste and scrap containing 94 percent or more by
7404.00.60   weight of copper
                                        109
                                                                                Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                        Limitations
             Copper master alloys, containing 5 percent or more but not
7405.00.10   more than 15 percent by weight of phosphorus
             Copper master alloys, not containing 5 percent or more but
7405.00.60   not more than 15 percent by weight of phosphorus
             Copper, stranded wire, cables, plaited bands and the like, not
             electrically insulated, fitted with fittings or made up into
7413.00.90   articles                                                           Aircraft
7501.10.00   Nickel mattes
7502.10.00   Nickel (other than alloy), unwrought
7502.20.00   Nickel alloys, unwrought
7503.00.00   Nickel, waste and scrap
7504.00.00   Nickel, powders and flakes
7508.90.50   Nickel, articles of nesoi
7608.10.00   Aluminum (other than alloy), tubes and pipes                       Aircraft
7608.20.00   Aluminum alloy, tubes and pipes                                    Aircraft
             Zinc (other than alloy), unwrought, containing 99.99 percent
7901.11.00   or more by weight of zinc
             Zinc (other than alloy), unwrought, casting-grade zinc,
             containing at least 97.5 percent but less than 99.99 percent
7901.12.10   by weight of zinc
             Zinc (other than alloy), unwrought, other than casting-grade
             zinc, containing at least 97.5 percent but less than 99.99
7901.12.50   percent by weight of zinc
7901.20.00   Zinc alloy, unwrought
7902.00.00   Zinc, waste and scrap
7903.90.30   Zinc, powders
             Zinc, articles (other than for household, table or kitchen use),
7907.00.60   nesoi
8001.10.00   Tin (other than alloy), unwrought
8001.20.00   Tin alloy, unwrought
8002.00.00   Tin, waste and scrap
8007.00.50   Tin, articles nesoi
8101.10.00   Tungsten, powders
8101.97.00   Tungsten waste and scrap
             Tantalum, unwrought (including bars and rods obtained
8103.20.00   simply by sintering); tantalum powders
8103.30.00   Tantalum waste and scrap
8103.91.00   Tantalum, crucibles
8103.99.00   Tantalum, articles other than crucibles, nesoi
             Magnesium, unwrought, containing at least 99.8 percent by
8104.11.00   weight of magnesium
                                        110
                                                                          Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                  Limitations
8104.19.00   Magnesium, unwrought, nesoi
8104.20.00   Magnesium, waste and scrap
             Magnesium, raspings, turnings and granules graded
8104.30.00   according to size; magnesium powders
8104.90.00   Magnesium, articles nesoi
8105.20.30   Cobalt alloys, unwrought
8105.20.60   Cobalt (other than alloys), unwrought
             Cobalt, mattes and other intermediate products of cobalt
8105.20.90   metallurgy; cobalt powders
8105.30.00   Cobalt waste and scrap
8105.90.00   Cobalt, articles thereof nesoi
             Bismuth (including waste and scrap) and articles thereof,
8106.10.00   containing more than 99.99 percent of bismuth by weight
             Bismuth (including waste and scrap) and articles thereof,
8106.90.00   containing 99.99 percent of bismuth or less, nesoi
8108.20.00   Titanium, unwrought; titanium powders
8108.30.00   Titanium waste and scrap
8108.90.30   Titanium, articles nesoi
8108.90.60   Wrought titanium, nesoi
8110.10.00   Antimony, unwrought; antimony powders
8110.20.00   Antimony waste and scrap
8110.90.00   Articles of antimony, nesoi
             Unwrought manganese flake containing at least 99.5 percent
8111.00.47   by weight of manganese
8111.00.49   Unwrought manganese, nesoi
8112.21.00   Chromium, unwrought; chromium powders
8112.22.00   Chromium waste and scrap
8112.29.00   Articles of chromium, nesoi
8112.41.10   Rhenium, waste and scrap
8112.41.50   Rhenium, unwrought; rhenium powders
8112.49.00   Rhenium, articles, nesoi
8112.59.00   Articles of thallium, nesoi
8112.92.10   Gallium, unwrought; gallium powders
8112.92.30   Indium, unwrought; indium powders
8112.92.40   Niobium (columbium), unwrought; niobium powders
8112.92.60   Germanium, unwrought
8112.92.65   Germanium powder, wrought
8112.99.10   Germanium nesoi and articles thereof
8112.99.20   Vanadium, nesoi, and articles thereof
8112.99.91   Articles of gallium, indium, or niobium, nesoi
                                       111
                                                                                 Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                         Limitations
             Iron or steel, aluminum, or zinc hinges and base metal parts
8302.10.60   thereof, not designed for motor vehicles                            Aircraft
             Base metal (other than iron or steel or aluminum or zinc)
8302.10.90   hinges and base metal parts thereof                                 Aircraft
8302.20.00   Base metal castors and base metal parts thereof                     Aircraft
             Iron or steel, aluminum, or zinc mountings, fittings and
             similar articles, suitable for furniture, and base metal parts
8302.42.30   thereof                                                             Aircraft
             Base metal (other than iron or steel or aluminum or zinc)
             mountings, fittings and similar articles, suitable for furniture,
8302.42.60   and base metal parts thereof                                        Aircraft
             Base metal harness, saddlery or riding-bridle hardware, not
             coated or plated with precious metal, and base metal parts
8302.49.40   thereof                                                             Aircraft
             Iron or steel, aluminum, or zinc, mountings, fittings and
8302.49.60   similar articles nesoi, and base metal parts thereof                Aircraft
             Base metal (other than iron or steel or aluminum or zinc)
             mountings, fittings and similar articles nesoi, and base metal
8302.49.80   parts thereof                                                       Aircraft
8302.60.30   Base metal automatic door closers                                   Aircraft
8307.10.30   Iron or steel flexible tubing, with fittings                        Aircraft
             Base metal (other than iron or steel) flexible tubing, with
8307.90.30   fittings                                                            Aircraft
             Spark-ignition reciprocating or rotary internal combustion
8407.10.00   piston engines for use in aircraft                                  Aircraft
             Compression-ignition internal-combustion piston engines,
8408.90.90   for machinery or equipment, nesoi                                   Aircraft
8409.10.00   Parts for internal combustion aircraft engines                      Aircraft
8411.11.40   Aircraft turbojets of a thrust not exceeding 25 kN                  Aircraft
8411.11.80   Turbojets of a thrust not exceeding 25 kN, other than aircraft      Aircraft
8411.12.40   Aircraft turbojets of a thrust exceeding 25 kN                      Aircraft
8411.12.80   Turbojets of a thrust exceeding 25 kN, other than aircraft          Aircraft
8411.21.40   Aircraft turbopropellers of a power not exceeding 1,100 kW          Aircraft
             Turbopropellers of a power not exceeding 1,100 kW, other
8411.21.80   than aircraft                                                       Aircraft
8411.22.40   Aircraft turbopropellers of a power exceeding 1,100 kW              Aircraft
             Turbopropellers of a power exceeding 1,100 kW, other than
8411.22.80   aircraft                                                            Aircraft
             Aircraft gas turbines other than turbojets or turbopropellers,
8411.81.40   of a power not exceeding 5,000 kW                                   Aircraft
             Aircraft gas turbines other than turbojets or turbopropellers,
8411.82.40   of a power exceeding 5,000 kW                                       Aircraft
                                        112
                                                                             Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                     Limitations
             Cast-iron parts of turbojets or turbopropellers, not advanced
             beyond cleaning, machined only for removal of fins, gates,
8411.91.10   sprues and risers, or to permit location in machinery           Aircraft
             Parts of turbojets or turbopropellers other than those of
8411.91.90   subheading 8411.91.10                                           Aircraft
             Cast-iron parts of gas turbines nesoi, not advanced beyond
             cleaning, and machined for removal of fins, gates, sprues and
8411.99.10   risers                                                          Aircraft
             Parts of gas turbines nesoi, other than those of subheading
8411.99.90   8411.99.10                                                      Aircraft
8412.10.00   Reaction engines other than turbojets                           Aircraft
             Hydraulic power engines and motors, linear acting
8412.21.00   (cylinders)                                                     Aircraft
8412.29.40   Hydrojet engines for marine propulsion                          Aircraft
8412.29.80   Hydraulic power engines and motors, nesoi                       Aircraft
             Pneumatic power engines and motors, linear acting
8412.31.00   (cylinders)                                                     Aircraft
             Pneumatic power engines and motors, other than linear
8412.39.00   acting                                                          Aircraft
8412.80.10   Spring-operated and weight-operated motors                      Aircraft
             Engines and motors, nesoi (excluding motors of heading
8412.80.90   8501)                                                           Aircraft
             Parts for engines of heading 8412 other than hydrojet
8412.90.90   engines for marine propulsion                                   Aircraft
             Pumps for liquids fitted or designed to be fitted with a
8413.19.00   measuring device, nesoi                                         Aircraft
             Hand pumps other than those of subheading 8413.11 or
8413.20.00   8413.19, not fitted with a measuring device                     Aircraft
             Fuel-injection pumps for compression-ignition engines, not
8413.30.10   fitted with a measuring device                                  Aircraft
             Fuel, lubricating or cooling medium pumps for internal-
             combustion piston engines, not fitted with a measuring
8413.30.90   device, nesoi                                                   Aircraft
             Reciprocating positive displacement pumps for liquids, not
8413.50.00   fitted with a measuring device, nesoi                           Aircraft
             Rotary positive displacement pumps for liquids, not fitted
8413.60.00   with a measuring device, nesoi                                  Aircraft
             Stock pumps imported for use with machines for making
             cellulosic pulp, paper or paperboard, not fitted with a
8413.70.10   measuring device                                                Aircraft
             Centrifugal pumps for liquids, not fitted with a measuring
8413.70.20   device, nesoi                                                   Aircraft

                                     113
                                                                              Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                      Limitations
8413.81.00   Pumps for liquids, not fitted with a measuring device, nesoi     Aircraft
             Parts of fuel-injection pumps for compression-ignition
8413.91.10   engines                                                          Aircraft
             Parts of stock pumps imported for use with machines for
8413.91.20   making cellulosic pulp, paper or paperboard                      Aircraft
8413.91.90   Parts of pumps, nesoi                                            Aircraft
8414.10.00   Vacuum pumps                                                     Aircraft
8414.20.00   Hand-operated or foot-operated air pumps                         Aircraft
             Compressors of a kind used in refrigerating equipment
8414.30.40   (including air conditioning) not exceeding 1/4 horsepower        Aircraft
             Compressors of a kind used in refrigerating equipment
8414.30.80   (including air conditioning) exceeding 1/4 horsepower            Aircraft
             Ceiling fans for permanent installation, with a self-contained
8414.51.30   electric motor of an output not exceeding 125 W                  Aircraft
             Table, floor, wall, window or roof fans, with a self-contained
8414.51.90   electric motor of an output not exceeding 125 W                  Aircraft
8414.59.30   Turbocharger and supercharger fans                               Aircraft
8414.59.65   Other fans, nesoi                                                Aircraft
8414.80.05   Turbocharger and supercharger air compressors                    Aircraft
8414.80.16   Air compressors, nesoi                                           Aircraft
8414.80.20   Gas compressors, nesoi                                           Aircraft
8414.80.90   Air or gas pumps, compressors and fans, nesoi                    Aircraft
             Parts of fans (including blowers) and ventilating or recycling
8414.90.10   hoods                                                            Aircraft
8414.90.30   Stators and rotors of goods of subheading 8414.30                Aircraft
8414.90.41   Parts of air or gas compressors, nesoi                           Aircraft
             Parts of air or vacuum pumps, ventilating or recycling hoods,
8414.90.91   gas-tight biological safety cabinets                             Aircraft
             Window or wall type air conditioning machines, split-
             system, incorporating a refrigerating unit and valve for
8415.10.60   reversal of cooling/heat cycle                                   Aircraft
             Window or wall type air conditioning machines, split-
8415.10.90   system, nesoi                                                    Aircraft
             Air conditioning machines incorporating a refrigerating unit
8415.81.01   and valve for reversal of cooling/heat cycle, nesoi              Aircraft
             Air conditioning machines incorporating a refrigerating unit,
8415.82.01   nesoi                                                            Aircraft
             Air conditioning machines not incorporating a refrigerating
8415.83.00   unit                                                             Aircraft
             Chassis, chassis bases and other outer cabinets for air
8415.90.40   conditioning machines,                                           Aircraft

                                     114
                                                                                 Scope
HTSUS          Description                                                       Limitations
8415.90.80     Parts for air conditioning machines, nesoi                        Aircraft
               Combined refrigerator-freezers, fitted with separate external
8418.10.00     doors, electric or other                                          Aircraft
               Freezers of the chest type, not exceeding 800 liters capacity,
8418.30.00     electric or other                                                 Aircraft
               Freezers of the upright type, not exceeding 900 liters
8418.40.00     capacity, electric or other                                       Aircraft
               Heat pumps, other than the air-conditioning machines of
8418.61.01     heading 8415                                                      Aircraft
8418.69.01     Refrigerating or freezing equipment nesoi                         Aircraft
8419.50.10     Brazed aluminum plate-fin heat exchangers                         Aircraft
8419.50.50     Heat exchange units, nesoi                                        Aircraft
               Cooking stoves, ranges and ovens, other than microwave, for
               making hot drinks or for cooking or heating food, not used
8419.81.50     for domestic purposes                                             Aircraft
               Machinery and equipment nesoi, for making hot drinks or for
8419.81.90     cooking or heating food, not used for domestic purposes           Aircraft
8419.90.10     Parts of instantaneous or storage water heaters                   Aircraft
               Parts of machinery and plant, for making paper pulp, paper
8419.90.20     or paperboard                                                     Aircraft
8419.90.30     Parts of heat exchange units                                      Aircraft
               Parts of molten-salt-cooled acrylic acid reactors, nesoi; parts
8419.90.50     of certain medical, surgical or laboratory sterilizers, nesoi     Aircraft
               Parts of electromechanical tools for work in the hand, with
               self-contained electric motor, for treatment of materials by
8419.90.85     change in temperature                                             Aircraft
8421.19.00     Centrifuges, other than cream separators or clothes dryers        Aircraft
8421.21.00     Machinery and apparatus for filtering or purifying water          Aircraft
8421.23.00     Oil or fuel filters for internal combustion engines               Aircraft
               Filtering or purifying machinery and apparatus for liquids,
8421.29.00     nesoi                                                             Aircraft
8421.31.00     Intake air filters for internal combustion engines                Aircraft
               Catalytic converters; particulate filters for internal
8421.32.00     combustion engines                                                Aircraft
               Filtering or purifying machinery and apparatus for gases,
               other than intake air filters or catalytic converters, for
8421.39.01     internal combustion engines                                       Aircraft
8422.40.9181   Packing or wrapping machinery, nesoi
8424.10.00     Fire extinguishers, whether or not charged                        Aircraft
               Pulley tackle and hoists other than skip hoists or hoists used
8425.11.00     for raising vehicles, powered by electric motor                   Aircraft

                                       115
                                                                              Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                      Limitations
             Pulley tackle and hoists other than skip hoists or hoists used
8425.19.00   for raising vehicles, not powered by electric motor              Aircraft
8425.31.01   Winches nesoi, and capstans, powered by electric motor           Aircraft
8425.39.01   Winches nesoi, and capstans, not powered by electric motor       Aircraft
8425.42.00   Hydraulic jacks and hoists, nesoi                                Aircraft
             Jacks and hoists of a kind used for raising vehicles, other
8425.49.00   than hydraulic, nesoi                                            Aircraft
8426.99.00   Derricks, cranes and other lifting machinery nesoi               Aircraft
             Passenger or freight elevators other than continuous action;
8428.10.00   skip hoists                                                      Aircraft
8428.20.00   Pneumatic elevators and conveyors                                Aircraft
             Belt type continuous-action elevators and conveyors, for
8428.33.00   goods or materials                                               Aircraft
             Continuous-action elevators and conveyors, for goods or
8428.39.00   materials, nesoi                                                 Aircraft
8428.90.03   Machinery for lifting, handling, loading or unloading, nesoi     Aircraft
             Multifunction units (machines which perform two or more of
             the functions of printing, copying or facsimile transmission,
             capable of connecting to an automatic data processing
8443.31.00   machine or to a network)                                         Aircraft
             Printer units, capable of connecting to an automatic data
8443.32.10   processing machine or to a network                               Aircraft
             Single function units other than printer units (machines
             which perform only one of the functions of printing, copying
8443.32.50   or facsimile transmission)                                       Aircraft
             Portable automatic data processing machines, not over 10 kg,
             consisting at least a central processing unit, keyboard and
8471.30.01   display
             Automatic data processing machines, nonportable or over 10
             kg, comprising in the same housing at least a central
             processing unit and an input and output unit, whether or not
8471.41.01   combined
             Automatic data processing machines, nesoi, entered in the
             form of systems (consisting of at least a central processing
8471.49.00   unit, and an input and output unit)
             Processing units other than those of subheading 8471.41 and
8471.50.01   8471.49, nesoi
             Combined input/output units for automatic data processing
8471.60.10   machines not entered with the rest of a system
             Keyboards for automatic data processing machines not
8471.60.20   entered with the rest of a system


                                     116
                                                                                Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                        Limitations
             Input or output units suitable for physical incorporation into
             an automatic data processing machine or unit thereof, nesoi,
8471.60.70   not entered with the rest of a system
             Optical scanners and magnetic ink recognition devices not
8471.60.80   entered with the rest of an automatic data processing system
             Other input or output units of digital automatic data
             processing machines, nesoi, not entered with the rest of a
8471.60.90   system
             Automatic data processing magnetic disk drive storage units,
             disk diameter exceeding 21 cm, without read-write unit
             assembled therein; read-write units; all not entered with the
8471.70.10   rest of a system
             Automatic data processing magnetic disk drive storage units,
             disk diameter exceeding 21 cm, for incorporation into
             automatic data processing machines or units, not entered
8471.70.20   with the rest of a system
             Automatic data processing magnetic disk drive storage units,
             disk diameter exceeding 21 cm, nesoi, not entered with the
8471.70.30   rest of a system
             Automatic data processing magnetic disk drive storage units,
             disk diameter not exceeding 21 cm, not assembled in
             cabinets, without attached external power supply, not entered
8471.70.40   with the rest of a system
             Automatic data processing magnetic disk drive storage units,
             disk diameter not exceeding 21 cm, nesoi, not entered with
8471.70.50   the rest of a system
             Automatic data processing storage units other than magnetic
             disk, not assembled in cabinets for placing on a table etc., not
8471.70.60   entered with the rest of a system
             Automatic data processing storage units other than magnetic
8471.70.90   disk drive units, nesoi, not entered with the rest of a system
             Control or adapter units for automatic data processing
8471.80.10   machines not entered with rest of a system
             Unit suitable for physical incorporation into automatic data
             processing machine or unit thereof, not entered with the rest
8471.80.40   of a system, nesoi
             Other units of automatic data processing machines, not
8471.80.90   entered with the rest of a system, nesoi
             Magnetic or optical readers, nesoi; machines for transcribing
             data on data media in coded form and machines for
8471.90.00   processing such data, nesoi
             Printed circuit assemblies, not incorporating a cathode ray
8473.30.11   tube, of the machines of 8471
                                      117
                                                                              Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                      Limitations
             Parts and accessories of the automatic data processing
             machines of heading 8471, not incorporating a CRT, parts
8473.30.20   and accessories of printed circuit assemblies
             Parts and accessories of the automatic data processing
8473.30.51   machines of heading 8471, not incorporating a CRT, nesoi
             Parts and accessories of the automatic data processing
8473.30.91   machines of heading 8471, incorporating a CRT, nesoi
             Air humidifiers or dehumidifiers with self-contained electric
8479.89.10   motor, other than for domestic purposes                          Aircraft
             Floor polishers with self-contained electric motor, other than
8479.89.20   for domestic purposes                                            Aircraft
             Electromechanical appliances with self-contained electric
8479.89.65   motor, nesoi                                                     Aircraft
             Carpet sweepers, not electromechanical with self-contained
8479.89.70   electric motor                                                   Aircraft
             Other machines and mechanical appliances having individual
             functions, not specified or included elsewhere in chapter 84
8479.89.95   of the HTSUS, nesoi                                              Aircraft
             Parts of floor polishers of subheading 8479.89.20; parts of
8479.90.41   carpet sweepers                                                  Aircraft
8479.90.45   Parts of trash compactors, frame assemblies                      Aircraft
8479.90.55   Parts of trash compactors, ram assemblies                        Aircraft
8479.90.65   Parts of trash compactors, container assemblies                  Aircraft
8479.90.75   Parts of trash compactors, cabinets or cases                     Aircraft
8479.90.85   Parts of trash compactors, nesoi                                 Aircraft
             Parts of machines and mechanical appliances having
             individual functions, not specified or included elsewhere in
8479.90.95   chapter 84 of the HTSUS, nesoi                                   Aircraft
             Camshafts and crankshafts for use solely or principally with
8483.10.10   spark-ignition internal-combustion piston or rotary engines      Aircraft
8483.10.30   Camshafts and crankshafts nesoi                                  Aircraft
             Transmission shafts and cranks other than camshafts and
8483.10.50   crankshafts                                                      Aircraft
             Bearing housings of the flange, take-up, cartridge and hanger
8483.30.40   unit type                                                        Aircraft
8483.30.80   Bearing housings nesoi; plain shaft bearings                     Aircraft
8483.40.10   Torque converters                                                Aircraft
             Fixed, multiple and variable ratio speed changers, imported
             for use with machines for making cellulosic pulp, paper or
8483.40.30   paperboard                                                       Aircraft


                                     118
                                                                               Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                       Limitations
             Fixed, multiple and variable ratio speed changers, not
             imported for use with machines for making cellulosic pulp,
8483.40.50   paper or paperboard                                               Aircraft
             Speed changers other than fixed, multiple and variable ratio
8483.40.70   speed changers                                                    Aircraft
8483.40.80   Ball or roller screws                                             Aircraft
             Gears and gearing, other than toothed wheels, chain
8483.40.90   sprockets and other transmission elements entered separately      Aircraft
             Gray-iron awning or tackle pulleys, not over 6.4 cm in wheel
8483.50.40   diameter                                                          Aircraft
8483.50.60   Flywheels, nesoi                                                  Aircraft
8483.50.90   Pulleys, including pulley blocks, nesoi                           Aircraft
8483.60.40   Clutches and universal joints                                     Aircraft
8483.60.80   Shaft couplings (other than universal joints)                     Aircraft
8483.90.10   Chain sprockets and parts thereof                                 Aircraft
8483.90.20   Parts of flange, take-up, cartridge and hanger units              Aircraft
8483.90.30   Parts of bearing housings and plain shaft bearings, nesoi         Aircraft
8483.90.50   Parts of gearing, gear boxes and other speed changers             Aircraft
8483.90.80   Parts of transmission equipment, nesoi                            Aircraft
             Gaskets and similar joints of metal sheeting combined with
8484.10.00   other material or of two or more layers of metal                  Aircraft
             Sets or assortments of gaskets and similar joints dissimilar in
             composition, put up in pouches, envelopes or similar
8484.90.00   packings                                                          Aircraft
             Machines and apparatus for the manufacture of boules or
8486.10.00   wafers
             Machines and apparatus for the manufacture of
8486.20.00   semiconductor devices or electronic integrated circuits
             Machines and apparatus for the manufacture of flat panel
8486.30.00   displays
             Machines and apparatus for the manufacture of masks and
8486.40.00   reticles and for the assembly of electronic integrated circuits
             Parts and accessories of the machines and apparatus for the
             manufacture of semiconductor devices, electronic integrated
8486.90.00   circuits and flat pa
             Universal AC/DC motors of an output exceeding 735 W but
8501.20.50   under 746 W                                                       Aircraft
8501.20.60   Universal AC/DC motors of an output of 746 W or more              Aircraft
             DC motors, nesoi, of an output exceeding 735 W but under
8501.31.50   746 W                                                             Aircraft
             DC motors nesoi, of an output of 746 W but not exceeding
8501.31.60   750 W                                                             Aircraft
                                      119
                                                                           Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                   Limitations
             DC generators, other than photovoltaic generators, of an
8501.31.81   output not exceeding 750 W                                    Aircraft
             DC motors nesoi, of an output exceeding 750 W but not
8501.32.20   exceeding 14.92 kW                                            Aircraft
             DC motors nesoi, of an output exceeding 14.92 kW but not
8501.32.55   exceeding 75 kW, nesoi                                        Aircraft
             DC generators, other than photovoltaic generators, of an
8501.32.61   output exceeding 750 W but not exceeding 75 kW                Aircraft
             DC motors nesoi, of an output exceeding 75 kW but under
8501.33.20   149.2 kW                                                      Aircraft
             DC motors, nesoi, 149.2 kW or more but not exceeding 150
8501.33.30   kW                                                            Aircraft
             DC generators, other than photovoltaic generators, of an
8501.33.61   output exceeding 75 kW but not exceeding 375 kW               Aircraft
             DC generators, other than photovoltaic generators, of an
8501.34.61   output exceeding 375 kW                                       Aircraft
             AC motors, nesoi, single-phase, exceeding 735 W but under
8501.40.50   746 W                                                         Aircraft
8501.40.60   AC motors nesoi, single-phase, of 746 W or more               Aircraft
             AC motors, nesoi, multi-phase, of an output exceeding 735
8501.51.50   W but under 746 W                                             Aircraft
             AC motors nesoi, multi-phase of an output of 746 W but not
8501.51.60   exceeding 750 W                                               Aircraft
             AC motors nesoi, multi-phase, of an output exceeding 750 W
8501.52.40   but not exceeding 14.92 kW                                    Aircraft
             AC motors nesoi, multi-phase, of an output exceeding 14.92
8501.52.80   kW but not exceeding 75 kW                                    Aircraft
             AC motors nesoi, multi-phase, of an output exceeding 75 kW
8501.53.40   but under 149.2 kW                                            Aircraft
             AC motors, nesoi, multi-phase, 149.2 kW or more but not
8501.53.60   exceeding 150 kW                                              Aircraft
             AC generators (alternators), other than photovoltaic
8501.61.01   generators, of an output not exceeding 75 kVA                 Aircraft
             AC generators (alternators), other than photovoltaic
             generators, of an output exceeding 75 kVA but not exceeding
8501.62.01   375 kVA                                                       Aircraft
             AC generators (alternators), other than photovoltaic
             generators, of an output exceeding 375 kVA but not
8501.63.01   exceeding 750 kVA                                             Aircraft
             Photovoltaic DC generators, of an output not exceeding 50
8501.71.00   W                                                             Aircraft
             Photovoltaic DC generators, of an output exceeding 50 W
8501.72.10   but not exceeding 750 W                                       Aircraft
                                      120
                                                                              Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                      Limitations
             Photovoltaic DC generators, of an output exceeding 750 W
8501.72.20   but not exceeding 75 kW                                          Aircraft
             Photovoltaic DC generators, of an output exceeding 75 kW
8501.72.30   but not exceeding 375 kW                                         Aircraft
8501.72.90   Photovoltaic DC generators, of an output exceeding 375 kW        Aircraft
             Photovoltaic AC generators, of an output not exceeding 75
8501.80.10   kVA                                                              Aircraft
             Photovoltaic AC generators, of an output exceeding 75 kVA
8501.80.20   but not exceeding 375 kVA                                        Aircraft
             Photovoltaic AC generators, of an output exceeding 375
8501.80.30   kVA but not exceeding 750 kVA                                    Aircraft
             Electric generating sets with compression-ignition internal-
             combustion piston engines, of an output not exceeding 75
8502.11.00   kVA                                                              Aircraft
             Electric generating sets with compression-ignition internal-
             combustion piston engines, of an output exceeding 75 kVA
8502.12.00   but not over 375 kVA                                             Aircraft
             Electric generating sets with compression-ignition internal-
8502.13.00   combustion piston engines, of an output exceeding 375 kVA        Aircraft
             Electric generating sets with spark-ignition internal-
8502.20.00   combustion piston engines                                        Aircraft
8502.31.00   Wind-powered electric generating sets                            Aircraft
8502.39.00   Electric generating sets, nesoi                                  Aircraft
8502.40.00   Electric rotary converters                                       Aircraft
8504.10.00   Ballasts for discharge lamps or tubes                            Aircraft
             Unrated electrical transformers other than liquid dielectric,
8504.31.20   having a power handling capacity not exceeding 1 kVA             Aircraft
             Electrical transformers other than liquid dielectric, having a
8504.31.40   power handling capacity less than 1 kVA                          Aircraft
             Electrical transformers other than liquid dielectric, having a
8504.31.60   power handling capacity of l kVA                                 Aircraft
             Electrical transformers other than liquid dielectric, having a
             power handling capacity exceeding 1 kVA but not exceeding
8504.32.00   16 kVA                                                           Aircraft
             Electrical transformers other than liquid dielectric, having a
             power handling capacity exceeding 16 kVA but not
8504.33.00   exceeding 500 kVA                                                Aircraft
             Electrical speed drive controllers for electric motors (static
8504.40.40   converters)                                                      Aircraft
             Power supplies suitable for physical incorporation into
             automatic data processing machines or units thereof of
8504.40.60   heading 8471                                                     Aircraft

                                     121
                                                                                  Scope
HTSUS          Description                                                        Limitations
               Power supplies for automatic data processing machines or
8504.40.70     units thereof of heading 8471, nesoi                               Aircraft
               Static converters (for example, rectifiers) for
8504.40.85     telecommunication apparatus                                        Aircraft
8504.40.95     Static converters (for example, rectifiers), nesoi                 Aircraft
               Other inductors for power supplies for ADP machines and
8504.50.40     units of heading 8471 or for telecommunication apparatus           Aircraft
8504.50.80     Other inductors, nesoi                                             Aircraft
8505.11.0070   Sintered neodymium-iron-boron magnets
               Lead-acid storage batteries of a kind used for starting piston
8507.10.00     engines                                                            Aircraft
               Lead-acid storage batteries other than of a kind used for
               starting piston engines or as the primary source of power for
8507.20.80     electric vehicles                                                  Aircraft
               Nickel-cadmium storage batteries, other than of a kind used
8507.30.80     as the primary source of power for electric vehicles               Aircraft
8507.50.00     Nickel-metal hydride batteries                                     Aircraft
8507.60.00     Lithium-ion batteries                                              Aircraft
               Other storage batteries nesoi, other than of a kind used as the
8507.80.82     primary source of power for electric vehicles                      Aircraft
               Parts of lead-acid storage batteries, including separators
8507.90.40     therefor                                                           Aircraft
               Parts of storage batteries, including separators therefor, other
8507.90.80     than parts of lead-acid storage batteries                          Aircraft
8511.10.00     Spark plugs                                                        Aircraft
               Ignition magnetos, magneto-dynamos and magnetic
8511.20.00     flywheels                                                          Aircraft
8511.30.00     Distributors and ignition coils                                    Aircraft
8511.40.00     Starter motors and dual purpose starter-generators                 Aircraft
               Generators nesoi, of a kind used in conjunction with spark-
8511.50.00     ignition or compression-ignition internal-combustion engines       Aircraft
               Voltage and voltage-current regulators with cut-out relays
8511.80.20     designed for use on 6, 12 or 24 V systems                          Aircraft
               Voltage and voltage-current regulators with cut-out relays
8511.80.40     other than those designed for use on 6, 12 or 24 V systems         Aircraft
               Electrical ignition or starting equipment of a kind used for
               spark-ignition internal-combustion or compression-ignition
8511.80.60     engines, nesoi                                                     Aircraft
               Industrial or laboratory microwave ovens for making hot
8514.20.40     drinks or for cooking or heating food                              Aircraft


                                        122
                                                                               Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                       Limitations
             Electric heating resistors assembled only with simple
             insulated former and electrical connectors, used for anti-icing
8516.80.40   or de-icing                                                       Aircraft
8516.80.80   Electric heating resistors, nesoi                                 Aircraft
             Smartphones for cellular networks or for other wireless of
8517.13.00   networks
             Other telephones for cellular networks or for other wireless
8517.14.00   of networks, other than smartphones                               Aircraft
8517.61.00   Base stations                                                     Aircraft
             Machines for the reception, conversion and transmission or
             regeneration of voice, images or other data, including
8517.62.00   switching and routing apparatus
             Other apparatus for transmission or reception of voice,
             images or other data, nesoi, but not apparatus of headings
8517.69.00   8443, 8525, 8527 or 8528                                          Aircraft
             Aerials and aerial reflectors of all kinds; parts suitable for
8517.71.00   use therewith                                                     Aircraft
             Microphones having a frequency range of 300Hz-3.4kHz
             with diameter not over 10 mm and height not exceeding 3
8518.10.40   mm, for telecommunication                                         Aircraft
8518.10.80   Microphones and stands therefor, nesoi                            Aircraft
8518.21.00   Single loudspeakers, mounted in their enclosures                  Aircraft
8518.22.00   Multiple loudspeakers mounted in the same enclosure               Aircraft
             Loudspeakers not mounted in their enclosures, with
             frequency range of 300Hz to 3.4kHz, with a diameter of not
8518.29.40   exceeding 50 mm, for telecommunication                            Aircraft
8518.29.80   Loudspeakers nesoi, not mounted in their enclosures, nesoi        Aircraft
8518.30.10   Line telephone handsets                                           Aircraft
             Headphones, earphones and combined microphone/speaker
8518.30.20   sets, other than telephone handsets                               Aircraft
             Audio-frequency electric amplifiers for use as repeaters in
8518.40.10   line telephony                                                    Aircraft
             Audio-frequency electric amplifiers, other than for use as
8518.40.20   repeaters in line telephony                                       Aircraft
8518.50.00   Electric sound amplifier sets                                     Aircraft
8519.81.10   Transcribing machines                                             Aircraft
             Cassette players (non-recording) designed exclusively for
8519.81.20   motor-vehicle installation                                        Aircraft
8519.81.25   Cassette players (non-recording), nesoi                           Aircraft
             Sound reproducing apparatus nesoi, not incorporating a
8519.81.30   sound recording device                                            Aircraft

                                     123
                                                                              Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                      Limitations
             Other sound recording and reproducing apparatus using
8519.81.41   magnetic tape, optical media, or semiconductor media             Aircraft
             Record players, other than coin- or token-operated, without
8519.89.10   loudspeaker                                                      Aircraft
             Record players, other than coin- or token-operated, with
8519.89.20   loudspeakers                                                     Aircraft
8519.89.30   Sound recording and reproducing apparatus, nesoi                 Aircraft
             Color, cartridge or cassette magnetic tape-type video players,
8521.10.30   not capable of recording                                         Aircraft
             Color, cartridge or cassette magnetic tape-type video
8521.10.60   recording and reproducing apparatus, nesoi                       Aircraft
             Magnetic tape-type video recording or reproducing
8521.10.90   apparatus, other than color, cartridge or cassette type          Aircraft
             Assemblies and subassemblies of articles of subheading
             8519.81.41, consisting of 2 or more pieces fastened together,
8522.90.25   printed circuit assemblies                                       Aircraft
             Other assemblies and subassemblies of articles of
             subheading 8519.81.41, consisting of 2 or more pieces
8522.90.36   fastened together, other than printed circuit assemblies         Aircraft
             Other parts of telephone answering machines, printed circuit
8522.90.45   assemblies                                                       Aircraft
             Other parts of telephone answering machines, other than
8522.90.58   printed circuit assemblies                                       Aircraft
             Parts and accessories of apparatus of headings 8519 or 8521,
8522.90.65   nesoi, printed circuit assemblies                                Aircraft
             Parts and accessories of apparatus of headings 8519 or 8521,
8522.90.80   nesoi, other than printed circuit assemblies                     Aircraft
             Semiconductor media, solid state non-volatile storage
8523.51.00   devices
             Flat panel display modules of liquid crystals without drivers
             or control circuits, other than for articles of subheadings
8524.11.10   8528.59, 8528.69, 8528.72 and 8528.73
             Flat panel display modules of liquid crystals without drivers
             or control circuits, for articles of subheadings 8528.59,
8524.11.90   8528.69, 8528.72 and 8528.73
             Flat panel display modules of organic light-emitting diodes
8524.12.00   without drivers or control circuits
             Other flat panel display modules without drivers or control
8524.19.00   circuits, nesoi
             Flat panel display modules of liquid crystals with drivers or
             control circuits, other than for articles of subheadings
8524.91.10   8528.59, 8528.69, 8528.72 and 8528.73

                                     124
                                                                                Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                        Limitations
             Flat panel display modules of liquid crystals with drivers or
             control circuits, for articles of subheadings 8528.59, 8528.69,
8524.91.90   8528.72 and 8528.73
             Flat panel display modules of organic light-emitting diodes
8524.92.00   with drivers or control circuits
             Other flat panel display modules with drivers or control
8524.99.00   circuits, nesoi
8526.10.00   Radar apparatus                                                    Aircraft
8526.91.00   Radio navigational aid apparatus, other than radar                 Aircraft
8526.92.10   Radio remote control apparatus for video game consoles             Aircraft
             Radio remote control apparatus other than for video game
8526.92.50   consoles                                                           Aircraft
             Cathode-ray tube monitors capable of directly connecting to
             and designed for use with an automatic data processing
8528.42.00   machine of heading 8471                                            Aircraft
             Other monitors capable of directly connecting to and
             designed for use with an automatic data processing machine
8528.52.00   of heading 8471
             Projectors capable of directly connecting to and designed for
             use with an automatic data processing machine of heading
8528.62.00   8471                                                               Aircraft
             Television antennas and antenna reflectors, and parts suitable
8529.10.21   for use therewith                                                  Aircraft
             Radar, radio navigational aid and radio remote control
             antennas and antenna reflectors, and parts suitable for use
8529.10.40   therewith                                                          Aircraft
             Other antennas and antenna reflectors of all kinds and parts,
8529.10.91   for use                                                            Aircraft
8529.90.04   Tuners (printed circuit assemblies)                                Aircraft
             Printed circuit boards and ceramic substrates and
             subassemblies thereof, for color TV, with components listed
8529.90.05   in additional U.S. note 4 to chapter 85 of the HTSUS               Aircraft
             Printed circuit boards and ceramic substrates and
             subassemblies thereof, for color TV, not with components
8529.90.06   listed in additional U.S. note 4 to chapter 85 of the HTSUS        Aircraft
8529.90.09   Printed circuit assemblies for television cameras                  Aircraft
8529.90.13   Printed circuit assemblies for television apparatus, nesoi         Aircraft
             Printed circuit assemblies which are subassemblies of radar,
             radio navigational aid or remote control apparatus, of 2 or
8529.90.16   more parts joined together                                         Aircraft
             Printed circuit assemblies, nesoi, for radar, radio navigational
8529.90.19   aid or radio remote control apparatus                              Aircraft
                                      125
                                                                               Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                       Limitations
             Other printed circuit assemblies suitable for use solely or
             principally with the apparatus of headings 8524 to 8528,
8529.90.21   nesoi                                                             Aircraft
             Transceiver assemblies for the apparatus of subheading
8529.90.24   8526.10, other than printed circuit assemblies                    Aircraft
             Tuners for television apparatus, other than printed circuit
8529.90.29   assemblies                                                        Aircraft
             Subassemblies with 2 or more printed circuit boards or
             ceramic substrates, for color TV, entered with components in
8529.90.33   additional U.S. note 4 to chapter 85 of the HTSUS                 Aircraft
             Subassemblies with 2 or more printed circuit boards or
8529.90.36   ceramic substrates, for color TV, other                           Aircraft
             Parts of television receivers specified in U.S. note 9 to
             chapter 85 of the HTSUS, other than printed circuit
8529.90.39   assemblies, nesoi                                                 Aircraft
             Printed circuit boards and ceramic substrates and
             subassemblies thereof for color TV, with components listed
8529.90.43   in additional U.S. note 4 to chapter 85 of the HTSUS              Aircraft
             Combinations of printed circuit boards and ceramic
             substrates and subassemblies thereof for color TV, with
             components listed in additional U.S. note 4 to chapter 85 of
8529.90.46   the HTSUS                                                         Aircraft
             Combinations of parts of television receivers specified in
             U.S. note 10 to chapter 85 of the HTSUS, other than printed
8529.90.49   circuit assemblies, nesoi                                         Aircraft
             Flat panel screen assemblies for TV reception apparatus,
8529.90.55   color video monitors and video projectors                         Aircraft
             Parts of printed circuit assemblies (including face plates and
8529.90.63   lock latches) for television cameras                              Aircraft
             Parts of printed circuit assemblies (including face plates and
             lock latches) for television apparatus other than television
8529.90.68   cameras                                                           Aircraft
             Parts of printed circuit assemblies (including face plates and
             lock latches) for radar, radio navigational aid or radio remote
8529.90.73   control app.                                                      Aircraft
             Parts of printed circuit assemblies (including face plates and
             lock latches) for other apparatus of headings 8524 to 8528,
8529.90.77   nesoi                                                             Aircraft
             Mounted lenses for use in closed circuit television cameras,
             separately imported, with or without attached electrical
8529.90.78   connectors or motors                                              Aircraft
8529.90.81   Other parts of television cameras, nesoi                          Aircraft

                                     126
                                                                                 Scope
HTSUS          Description                                                       Limitations
               Other parts of television apparatus (other than television
8529.90.83     cameras), nesoi                                                   Aircraft
               Parts suitable for use solely or principally with the apparatus
               of 8525 and 8527 (except television apparatus or cellular
8529.90.87     phones), nesoi                                                    Aircraft
               Subassemblies with 2 or more printed circuit boards or
               ceramic substrates, except tuners or convergence assemblies,
               for color TV, entered with components in additional U.S.
8529.90.88     note 4 to chapter 85 of the HTSUS                                 Aircraft
               Subassemblies with 2 or more printed circuit boards or
               ceramic substrates, except tuners or convergence assemblies,
8529.90.89     for color TV, other                                               Aircraft
8529.90.93     Parts of television apparatus, nesoi                              Aircraft
               Assemblies and subassemblies of radar, radio navigational
               aid or remote control apparatus, of 2 or more parts joined
8529.90.95     together, nesoi                                                   Aircraft
               Parts suitable for use solely or principally in radar, radio
8529.90.97     navigational aid or radio remote control apparatus, nesoi         Aircraft
               Parts suitable for use solely or principally with the apparatus
8529.90.98     of headings 8524 through 8528, nesoi                              Aircraft
8531.10.00     Electric burglar or fire alarms and similar apparatus             Aircraft
               Indicator panels incorporating liquid crystal devices (LCD's)
8531.20.00     or light-emitting diodes (LED's)                                  Aircraft
8531.80.15     Doorbells, chimes, buzzers, and similar apparatus                 Aircraft
8531.80.90     Electric sound or visual signaling apparatus, nesoi               Aircraft
8536.70.00     Connectors for optical fibers, optical fiber bundles or cables    Aircraft
               Other boards, panels, consoles, desks, cabinets, etc.,
               equipped with apparatus for electric control, for a voltage not
8537.10.9170   exceeding 1,000, nesoi
8539.10.00     Sealed beam lamp units                                            Aircraft
8539.51.00     Light-emitting diode (LED) modules                                Aircraft
8541.10.00     Diodes, other than photosensitive or light-emitting diodes
               Transistors, other than photosensitive transistors, with a
8541.21.00     dissipation rating of less than 1 W
               Transistors, other than photosensitive transistors, with a
8541.29.00     dissipation rating of 1 W or more
8541.30.00     Thyristors, diacs and triacs, other than photosensitive devices
8541.41.00     Light emitting diodes (LED)
               Other photosensitive semiconductor diodes, other than light-
8541.49.10     emitting
8541.49.70     Other photosensitive semiconductor transistors

                                       127
                                                                                Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                        Limitations
8541.49.80   Optical coupled isolators
             Other photosensitive semiconductor devices, other than
8541.49.95   diodes or transistors, nesoi
             Other semiconductor-based transducers, other than
8541.51.00   photosensitive transducers
             Other semiconductor devices, other than semiconductor-
8541.59.00   based transducers, other than photosensitive devices, nesoi
             Parts of diodes, transistors, similar semiconductor devices,
             photosensitive semiconductor devices, LEDs and mounted
8541.90.00   piezoelectric crystals
8542.31.00   Electronic integrated circuits: processors and controllers
8542.32.00   Electronic integrated circuits: memories
8542.33.00   Electronic integrated circuits: amplifiers
8542.39.00   Electronic integrated circuits: other
8542.90.00   Parts of electronic integrated circuits and microassemblies
8543.70.42   Flight data recorders                                              Aircraft
             Other electric synchros and transducers; defrosters and
8543.70.45   demisters with electric resistors for aircraft                     Aircraft
             Electrical machines and apparatus nesoi, designed for
             connection to telegraphic or telephonic apparatus,
8543.70.60   instruments or networks                                            Aircraft
8543.70.80   Microwave amplifiers                                               Aircraft
             Digital signal processing apparatus capable of connecting to
8543.70.91   a wired or wireless network for sound mixing                       Aircraft
             Touch screens without display capabilities for incorporation
8543.70.95   in apparatus having a display                                      Aircraft
             Parts of physical vapor deposition apparatus of subheading
8543.90.12   8543.70                                                            Aircraft
             Assemblies and subassemblies for flight data recorders,
             consisting of 2 or more parts pieces fastened together,
8543.90.15   printed circuit assemblies                                         Aircraft
             Assemblies and subassemblies for flight data recorders,
             consisting of 2 or more parts pieces fastened together, not
8543.90.35   printed circuit assemblies                                         Aircraft
             Printed circuit assemblies of flat panel displays other than for
             reception apparatus for television of heading 8528, except
8543.90.65   for subheadings 8528.52 and 8528.62                                Aircraft
             Printed circuit assemblies of electrical machines and
8543.90.68   apparatus, having individual functions, nesoi                      Aircraft
             Parts, nesoi, of flat panel displays other than for reception
             apparatus for television of heading 8528, except for
8543.90.85   subheadings 8528.52 and 8528.62                                    Aircraft
                                      128
                                                                              Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                      Limitations
             Parts (other than printed circuit assemblies) of electrical
8543.90.88   machines and apparatus, having individual functions, nesoi       Aircraft
             Insulated ignition wiring sets and other wiring sets of a kind
8544.30.00   used in vehicles, aircraft or ships                              Aircraft
             Balloons, dirigibles and non-powered aircraft, gliders and
8801.00.00   hang gliders                                                     Aircraft
             Helicopters (except unmanned aircraft of heading 8806),
8802.11.01   with an unladen weight not over 2,000 kg                         Aircraft
             Helicopters (except unmanned aircraft of heading 8806),
8802.12.01   with an unladen weight over 2,000 kg                             Aircraft
             Airplanes and other powered aircraft (except unmanned
             aircraft of heading 8806), nesoi, with an unladen weight not
8802.20.01   over 2,000 kg                                                    Aircraft
             Airplanes and other powered aircraft (except unmanned
             aircraft of heading 8806), nesoi, with an unladen weight over
8802.30.01   2,000 kg but not over 15,000 kg                                  Aircraft
             Airplanes and other powered aircraft (except unmanned
             aircraft of heading 8806), nesoi, with an unladen weight over
8802.40.01   15,000 kg                                                        Aircraft
             Ground flying trainers and parts thereof, other than air
8805.29.00   combat simulators                                                Aircraft
8806.10.00   Unmanned aircraft designed for the carriage of passengers        Aircraft
             Unmanned aircraft, not for the carriage of passengers, for
             remote-controlled flight only, max take-off weight not more
8806.21.00   than 250g                                                        Aircraft
             Unmanned aircraft, not for the carriage of passengers, for
             remote-controlled flight only, max take-off weight more than
8806.22.00   250g but less than 7kg                                           Aircraft
             Unmanned aircraft, not for the carriage of passengers, for
             remote-controlled flight only, max take-off weight more than
8806.23.00   7kg but less than 25kg                                           Aircraft
             Unmanned aircraft, not for the carriage of passengers, for
             remote-controlled flight only, max take-off weight more than
8806.24.00   25kg but less than 150 kg                                        Aircraft
             Unmanned aircraft, not for the carriage of passengers, for
             remote-controlled flight only, max take-off weight more than
8806.29.00   150 kg                                                           Aircraft
             Unmanned aircraft, not for the carriage of passengers, not for
             remote-controlled flight only, nesoi, max take-off weight not
8806.91.00   more than 250g                                                   Aircraft
             Unmanned aircraft, not for the carriage of passengers, not for
             remote-controlled flight only, nesoi, max take-off weight
8806.92.00   more 250g less than 7kg                                          Aircraft
                                       129
                                                                              Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                      Limitations
             Unmanned aircraft, not for the carriage of passengers, not for
             remote-controlled flight only, nesoi, max take-off weight
8806.93.00   more than 7kg but less than 25kg                                 Aircraft
             Unmanned aircraft, not for the carriage of passengers, not for
             remote-controlled flight only, nesoi, max take-off weight
8806.94.00   more than 25kg but less than 150 kg                              Aircraft
             Unmanned aircraft, not for the carriage of passengers, not for
             remote-controlled flight only, nesoi, max take-off weight
8806.99.00   more than 150 kg                                                 Aircraft
             Parts of aircraft of headings 8801, 8802 or 8806, propellers
8807.10.00   and rotors and parts thereof                                     Aircraft
             Parts of aircraft of headings 8801, 8802 or 8806,
8807.20.00   undercarriages and parts thereof                                 Aircraft
             Parts of aircraft of headings 8801, 8802 or 8806, for
             airplanes, helicopters, unmanned aircraft, other than
8807.30.00   propellers, rotors or undercarriages, nesoi                      Aircraft
             Parts of aircraft of headings 8801, 8802 or 8806, not for
8807.90.90   airplanes, helicopters or unmanned aircraft, nesoi               Aircraft
9001.90.40   Lenses nesoi, unmounted                                          Aircraft
9001.90.50   Prisms, unmounted                                                Aircraft
9001.90.60   Mirrors, unmounted                                               Aircraft
             Half-tone screens designed for use in engraving or
9001.90.80   photographic processes, unmounted                                Aircraft
9001.90.90   Optical elements nesoi, unmounted                                Aircraft
9002.90.20   Prisms, mounted, for optical uses                                Aircraft
9002.90.40   Mirrors, mounted, for optical uses                               Aircraft
             Half-tone screens, mounted, designed for use in engraving or
9002.90.70   photographic processes                                           Aircraft
             Mounted lenses suitable for use in, and entered separately
             from, closed circuit television cameras, with or without
9002.90.85   attached electrical connectors or motors                         Aircraft
             Mounted optical elements, nesoi; parts and accessories of
9002.90.95   mounted optical elements, nesoi                                  Aircraft
9014.10.10   Optical direction finding compasses                              Aircraft
9014.10.60   Gyroscopic directing finding compasses, other than electrical    Aircraft
9014.10.70   Electrical direction finding compasses                           Aircraft
             Direction finding compasses, other than optical instruments,
9014.10.90   gyroscopic compasses or electrical                               Aircraft
             Optical instruments and appliances (other than compasses)
9014.20.20   for aeronautical or space navigation                             Aircraft
9014.20.40   Automatic pilots for aeronautical or space navigation            Aircraft

                                     130
                                                                             Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                     Limitations
             Electrical instruments and appliances (other than compasses)
9014.20.60   for aeronautical or space navigation                            Aircraft
             Nonelectrical instruments and appliances (other than
9014.20.80   compasses) for aeronautical or space navigation                 Aircraft
             Parts and accessories of automatic pilots for aeronautical or
9014.90.10   space navigation of subheading 9014.20.40                       Aircraft
             Parts and accessories of nonelectrical instruments and
             appliances for aeronautical or space navigation of
9014.90.20   subheading 9014.20.80                                           Aircraft
             Parts and accessories of nonelectrical navigational
9014.90.40   instruments and appliances nesoi of subheading 9014.80.50       Aircraft
             Parts and accessories of navigational instruments and
9014.90.60   appliances, nesoi                                               Aircraft
             Underwater breathing devices designed as a complete unit to
             be carried on the person and not requiring attendants, parts
9020.00.40   and accessories thereof                                         Aircraft
             Breathing appliances, nesoi, and gas masks, except
             protective masks having neither mechanical parts or
9020.00.60   replaceable filters, parts, accessories thereof                 Aircraft
             Clinical thermometers, liquid-filled, for direct reading, not
9025.11.20   combined with other instruments                                 Aircraft
             Liquid-filled thermometers, for direct reading, not combined
9025.11.40   with other instruments, other than clinical thermometers        Aircraft
9025.19.40   Pyrometers, not combined with other instruments                 Aircraft
             Thermometers, for direct reading, not combined with other
9025.19.80   instruments, other than liquid-filled thermometers              Aircraft
             Electrical hydrometers and similar floating instruments,
             thermometers, pyrometers, barometers, hygrometers,
9025.80.10   psychometers, and any combination                               Aircraft
             Nonelectrical barometers, not combined with other
9025.80.15   instruments                                                     Aircraft
             Hydrometers and similar floating instruments, whether or not
             incorporating a thermometer, non-recording, other than
9025.80.20   electrical                                                      Aircraft
             Hygrometers and psychrometers, non-electrical, non-
9025.80.35   recording                                                       Aircraft
             Thermographs, barographs, hygrographs and other recording
9025.80.40   instruments, other than electrical                              Aircraft
             Combinations of thermometers, barometers and similar
             temperature and atmosphere measuring and recording
9025.80.50   instruments, nonelectrical                                      Aircraft


                                     131
                                                                             Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                     Limitations
             Other parts and accessories of hydrometers and like floating
             instruments, thermometers, pyrometers, barometers,
9025.90.06   hygrometers, psychrometers and combinations                     Aircraft
             Electrical instruments and apparatus for measuring or
9026.10.20   checking the flow or level of liquids                           Aircraft
             Flow meters, other than electrical, for measuring or checking
9026.10.40   the flow of liquids                                             Aircraft
             Instruments and apparatus for measuring or checking the
9026.10.60   level of liquids, other than flow meters, non-electrical        Aircraft
             Electrical instruments and apparatus for measuring or
9026.20.40   checking the pressure of liquids or gases                       Aircraft
             Instruments and apparatus, other than electrical, for
9026.20.80   measuring or checking the pressure of liquids or gases          Aircraft
             Electrical instruments and apparatus for measuring or
9026.80.20   checking variables of liquids or gases, nesoi                   Aircraft
             Nonelectrical heat meters incorporating liquid supply meters,
9026.80.40   and anemometers                                                 Aircraft
             Nonelectrical instruments and apparatus for measuring or
9026.80.60   checking variables of liquids or gases, nesoi                   Aircraft
             Parts and accessories of electrical instruments and apparatus
9026.90.20   for measuring or checking variables of liquids or gases         Aircraft
             Parts and accessories of nonelectrical flow meters, heat
9026.90.40   meters incorporating liquid supply meters and anemometers       Aircraft
             Parts and accessories of nonelectrical instruments and
             apparatus for measuring or checking variables of liquids or
9026.90.60   gases, nesoi                                                    Aircraft
             Revolution counters, production counters, odometers,
9029.10.80   pedometers and the like, other than taximeters                  Aircraft
             Speedometers and tachometers, other than bicycle
9029.20.40   speedometers                                                    Aircraft
             Parts and accessories of revolution counters, production
             counters, odometers, pedometers and the like, of
9029.90.80   speedometers nesoi and tachometers                              Aircraft
             Instruments and apparatus for measuring or detecting
9030.10.00   ionizing radiations                                             Aircraft
             Oscilloscopes and oscillographs, specially designed for
9030.20.05   telecommunications                                              Aircraft
9030.20.10   Oscilloscopes and oscillographs, nesoi                          Aircraft
             Multimeters for measuring or checking electrical voltage,
9030.31.00   current, resistance or power, without a recording device        Aircraft
9030.32.00   Multimeters, with a recording device                            Aircraft
9030.33.34   Resistance measuring instruments                                Aircraft

                                     132
                                                                              Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                      Limitations
             Other instruments and apparatus, nesoi, for measuring or
             checking electrical voltage, current, resistance or power,
9030.33.38   without a recording device                                       Aircraft
             Instruments and apparatus, nesoi, for measuring or checking
             electrical voltage, current, resistance or power, with a
9030.39.01   recording device                                                 Aircraft
             Instruments and apparatus specially designed for
9030.40.00   telecommunications                                               Aircraft
             Instruments and apparatus for measuring, checking or
             detecting electrical quantities or ionizing radiations, nesoi,
9030.84.00   with a recording device                                          Aircraft
             Instruments and apparatus for measuring, checking or
             detecting electrical quantities or ionizing radiations, nesoi,
9030.89.01   without a recording device                                       Aircraft
             Printed circuit assemblies for instruments and apparatus for
9030.90.25   measuring or detecting ionizing radiation                        Aircraft
             Parts and accessories for instruments and apparatus for
9030.90.46   measuring or detecting ionizing radiation, nesoi                 Aircraft
             Printed circuit assemblies for subheadings and apparatus of
9030.90.66   subheadings 9030.40 or 9030.82                                   Aircraft
9030.90.68   Printed circuit assemblies, nesoi                                Aircraft
             Parts and accessories for instruments and apparatus for
             measuring or checking semiconductor wafers or devices,
9030.90.84   nesoi                                                            Aircraft
             Parts and accessories for articles of subheadings 9030.20 to
9030.90.89   9030.84, nesoi                                                   Aircraft
             Electron beam microscopes fitted with equipment
             specifically designed for the handling and transport of
9031.80.40   semiconductor devices or reticles                                Aircraft
             Measuring and checking instruments, appliances and
9031.80.80   machines, nesoi                                                  Aircraft
9031.90.21   Parts and accessories of profile projectors                      Aircraft
             Bases and frames for the optical coordinate-measuring
9031.90.45   machines of subheading 9031.49.40                                Aircraft
             Parts and accessories of measuring and checking optical
             instruments and appliances of subheading 9031.41 or
9031.90.54   9031.49.70                                                       Aircraft
             Parts and accessories of measuring and checking optical
             instruments and appliances, other than test benches or profile
9031.90.59   projectors, nesoi                                                Aircraft
9031.90.70   Parts and accessories of articles of subheading 9031.80.40       Aircraft


                                     133
                                                                             Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                     Limitations
             Parts and accessories of measuring or checking instruments,
9031.90.91   appliances and machines, nesoi                                  Aircraft
9032.10.00   Automatic thermostats                                           Aircraft
9032.20.00   Automatic manostats                                             Aircraft
             Hydraulic and pneumatic automatic regulating or controlling
9032.81.00   instruments and apparatus                                       Aircraft
             Automatic voltage and voltage-current regulators, designed
9032.89.20   for use in a 6, 12, or 24 V system                              Aircraft
             Automatic voltage and voltage-current regulators, not
9032.89.40   designed for use in a 6, 12, or 24 V system                     Aircraft
             Automatic regulating or controlling instruments and
9032.89.60   apparatus, nesoi                                                Aircraft
             Parts and accessories of automatic voltage and voltage-
             current regulators designed for use in a 6, 12, or 24 V
9032.90.21   system, nesoi                                                   Aircraft
             Parts and accessories of automatic voltage and voltage-
             current regulators, not designed for use in a 6, 12, or 24 V
9032.90.41   system, nesoi                                                   Aircraft
             Parts and accessories for automatic regulating or controlling
9032.90.61   instruments and apparatus, nesoi                                Aircraft
             Other parts and accessories for machines, appliances,
9033.00.90   instruments or apparatus of chapter 90 of the HTSUS, nesoi      Aircraft
             Instrument panel clocks for vehicles, air/spacecraft or
             vessels, clock movement over 50 mm wide, opto-electronic
9104.00.05   display only, not over $10 each                                 Aircraft
             Instrument panel clocks for vehicles, air/spacecraft or
             vessels, clock movement over 50 mm wide, electric, not
9104.00.10   optoelectronic display, not over $10 each                       Aircraft
             Instrument panel clocks for vehicles, air/spacecraft or
             vessels, clock movement over 50 mm wide, nonelectric,
9104.00.20   valued not over $10 each                                        Aircraft
             Instrument panel clocks for vehicles, air/spacecraft or
             vessels, clock movement over 50 mm wide, opto-electronic
9104.00.25   display only, over $10 each                                     Aircraft
             Instrument panel clocks for vehicles, air/spacecraft or
             vessels, clock movement over 50 mm wide, electric, not
9104.00.30   optoelectronic display, over $10 each                           Aircraft
             Instrument panel clocks for vehicles, air/spacecraft or
             vessels, clock movement over 50 mm wide, non-electric,
9104.00.40   valued over $10 each                                            Aircraft
             Instrument panel clocks for vehicles, air/spacecraft or
             vessels, watch or clock movement not over 50 mm wide,
9104.00.45   opto-electronic display only                                    Aircraft
                                       134
                                                                              Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                      Limitations
             Instrument panel clocks for vehicles, air/spacecraft, vessels,
             watch or clock movement not over 50 mm wide, electric, not
9104.00.50   opto-electronic display                                          Aircraft
             Instrument panel clocks for vehicles, air/spacecraft or
             vessels, clock or watch movement not over 50 mm wide,
9104.00.60   nonelectric                                                      Aircraft
             Clock movements nesoi, complete and assembled,
9109.10.50   electrically operated, with opto-electronic display only         Aircraft
             Clock movements nesoi, complete and assembled,
             electrically operated, with display nesoi, measuring not over
9109.10.60   50 mm in width or diameter                                       Aircraft
             Clock movements, complete and assembled, not electrically
9109.90.20   operated, measuring not over 50 mm in width or diameter          Aircraft
9401.10.40   Seats, of a kind used for aircraft, leather upholstered          Aircraft
             Seats, of a kind used for aircraft (other than leather
9401.10.80   upholstered)                                                     Aircraft
             Furniture (other than seats) of metal nesoi, other than of a
9403.20.00   kind used in offices                                             Aircraft
             Furniture (other than seats and other than of heading 9402)
9403.70.40   of reinforced or laminated plastics nesoi                        Aircraft
             Furniture (other than seats and other than of heading 9402)
9403.70.80   of plastics (other than reinforced or laminated) nesoi           Aircraft
             Chandeliers and other electric ceiling or wall lighting
9405.11.40   fittings, of brass, designed for use solely with LED sources     Aircraft
             Chandeliers and other electric ceiling or wall lighting
             fixtures, of base metal (other than brass), designed for use
9405.11.60   solely with LED sources                                          Aircraft
             Chandeliers and other electric ceiling or wall lighting
             fixtures, not of base metal, designed for use solely with LED
9405.11.80   sources                                                          Aircraft
             Chandeliers and other electric ceiling or wall lighting
             fittings, of brass, not designed for use solely with LED
9405.19.40   sources                                                          Aircraft
             Chandeliers and other electric ceiling or wall lighting
             fixtures, of base metal (other than brass), not designed for
9405.19.60   use solely with LED sources                                      Aircraft
             Chandeliers and other electric ceiling or wall lighting
             fixtures, not of base metal, not designed for use solely with
9405.19.80   LED sources                                                      Aircraft
             Illuminated signs, illuminated name plates and the like, of
9405.61.20   brass, designed for use solely with LED sources                  Aircraft


                                     135
                                                                             Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                     Limitations
             Illuminated signs, illuminated name plates and the like, of
             base metal (other than brass), designed for use solely with
9405.61.40   LED sources                                                     Aircraft
             Illuminated signs, illuminated name plates and the like, not
9405.61.60   of base metal, designed for use solely with LED sources         Aircraft
             Illuminated signs, illuminated name plates and the like, of
9405.69.20   brass, not designed for use solely with LED sources             Aircraft
             Illuminated signs, illuminated name plates and the like, of
             base metal (other than brass), not designed for use solely
9405.69.40   with LED sources                                                Aircraft
             Illuminated signs, illuminated name plates and the like, not
9405.69.60   of base metal, not designed for use solely with LED sources     Aircraft
             Parts of lamps, lighting fixtures, illuminated signs and the
9405.92.00   like, of plastics                                               Aircraft
             Parts of lamps, lighting fixtures, illuminated signs and the
9405.99.20   like, of brass                                                  Aircraft
             Parts of lamps, lighting fixtures, illuminated signs and the
9405.99.40   like, not of glass, plastics or brass                           Aircraft
             Monopods, bipods, tripods and similar articles of plastics,
9620.00.50   nesoi                                                           Aircraft
             Monopods, bipods, tripods and similar articles of graphite
9620.00.60   and other carbon, nesoi                                         Aircraft
             Paintings, drawings (o/than of 4906) and pastels, executed
9701.21.00   entirely by hand, of an age exceeding 100 years
9701.22.00   Mosaics, of an age exceeding 100 years
             Collages and similar decorative plaques, executed entirely by
9701.29.00   hand, of an age exceeding 100 years
             Paintings, drawings (o/than of 4906) and pastels, executed
9701.91.00   entirely by hand, of an age 100 years or less
9701.92.00   Mosaics, of an age 100 years or less
             Collages and similar decorative plaques, executed entirely by
9701.99.00   hand, of an age 100 years or less
             Original engravings, prints and lithographs, whether or not
9702.10.00   framed, of an age exceeding 100 years
             Original engravings, prints and lithographs, whether or not
9702.90.00   framed, of an age 100 years or less
             Original sculptures and statuary, in any material, of an age
9703.10.00   exceeding 100 years
             Original sculptures and statuary, in any material, of an age
9703.90.00   100 years or less



                                     136
                                                                               Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                       Limitations
             Postage or revenue stamps, stamp-postmarks, first-day
             covers, postal stationery, and the like, used or unused, other
9704.00.00   than heading 4907
             Collections and collectors' pieces of archeological,
9705.10.00   ethnographic or historical interest
             Collections and collectors' pieces of zoological, botanical,
             mineralogical, anatomical interest, human specimens and
9705.21.00   parts thereof
             Collections and collectors' pieces of zoological, botanical,
             mineralogical, anatomical interest, extinct or endangered
9705.22.00   species and parts thereof
             Collections and collectors' pieces of zoological, botanical,
             mineralogical, anatomical interest, o/than human specimens
9705.29.00   or extinct/endangered species
             Collections and collectors' pieces of numismatic interest, of
9705.31.00   an age exceeding 100 years
             Collections and collectors' pieces of numismatic interest, of
9705.39.00   an age 100 years or less
9706.10.00   Antiques of an age exceeding 250 years
             Antiques of an age exceeding 100 years but not exceeding
9706.90.00   250 years
             Articles returned to the United States after having been
             exported for repairs or alterations made pursuant to a
9802.00.40   warranty                                                          Aircraft
             Articles returned to the United States after having been
9802.00.50   exported for repairs or alterations, other                        Aircraft
             Any article of metal (as defined in U.S. note 3(e) of
             subchapter II of chapter 98 of the HTSUS) manufactured in
             the United States or subjected to a process of manufacture in
             the United States, if exported for further processing, and if
             the exported article as processed outside the United States, or
             the article which results from the processing outside the
             United States, is returned to the United States for further
9802.00.60   processing                                                        Aircraft
             Articles, except goods of heading 9802.00.91 and goods
             imported under provisions of subchapter XIX of this chapter
             and goods imported under provisions of subchapter XX,
             assembled abroad in whole or in part of fabricated
             components, the product of the United States, which (a) were
             exported in condition ready for assembly without further
             fabrication, (b) have not lost their physical identity in such
             articles by change in form, shape or otherwise, and (c) have
9802.00.80   not been advanced in value or improved in condition abroad        Aircraft
                                     137
                                                                              Scope
HTSUS        Description                                                      Limitations
             except by being assembled and except by operations
             incidental to the assembly process such as cleaning,
             lubricating and painting
             Spare parts necessarily installed before first entry into the
             United States, upon first entry into the United States of each
             such spare part purchased in, or imported from, a foreign
9818.00.05   country                                                          Aircraft
             Other, upon first arrival in any port of the United States of
             any vessel described in U.S. note 1 to subchapter XVIII of
9818.00.07   chapter 98 of the HTSUS                                          Aircraft




                                     138
